The 10 Best Porn Movies of the Seventies
January 27, 2023 by Screaming Samantha 1 Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX movies of the 1970s…
10. The Image (1975)
The 10 Best Porn Movies of the 1970s - The Image
“The Image” is a 1975 adult film directed by Radley Metzger and starring Mary Mendum. The film was widely acclaimed for its high production values and strong performances, and is considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema in the 1970s. The Image was known for its exploration of eroticism in a sophisticated manner, it was a dramatic and artistic film.

The film’s success helped to establish Metzger as one of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry, and its high production values and strong performances helped to raise the bar for the quality of adult films. It also contributed to the mainstreaming of erotic films, which began to be seen as a legitimate art form. The Image was one of the few adult films of that era that was widely seen outside of the typical adult theater, it was shown in art-house theaters across the country and even in Europe.

Furthermore, the film’s depiction of BDSM, a taboo subject at the time, in a non-violent way helped to destigmatize the subject and pave the way for the acceptance and exploration of BDSM in later years.

9. Flesh Gordon (1974)
The 10 Best Porn Movies of the 1970s - Flesh Gordon
“Flesh Gordon” is a 1974 adult film directed by Michael Benveniste and Howard Ziehm and starring Jason Williams. The film is a parody of the 1930s science fiction serial “Flash Gordon”, and is known for its comedic approach to the adult genre. The film’s success helped establish the parody and comedy sub genre within adult cinema.

Flesh Gordon was one of the most successful adult film of the 1970s, it grossed over $40 million and it played in mainstream theaters across the country, it was one of the most widely seen adult films of its time. The film’s comedic approach and its success helped to destigmatize the adult film industry and showed that adult films could be entertaining and mainstream.

The film’s success also led to the creation of other adult parodies such as “Supervixens” and “Deep Throat II”

8. The Private Afternoons of Pamela Mann (1974)

“The Private Afternoons of Pamela Mann” is a 1974 adult film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Harry Reems. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, it’s considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema. The film was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its focus on the female perspective.

The film’s success helped establish Damiano as one of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry, and its high production values and strong performances helped to raise the bar for the quality of adult films. The film’s focus on the female perspective in its storytelling helped to break the mold of traditional adult films, which were mostly male-centric and objectifying towards women.

The film’s success also helped to pave the way for more adult films that focused on the female perspective and experience, which was a significant shift in the adult film industry.

7. Pretty Peaches (1978)

“Pretty Peaches” is a pornographic film that was directed by Alex de Renzy and released in 1978. It is considered to be a classic of the golden age of porn. The film was notable for its comedic elements and its strong performances from its cast, particularly from its lead actress, Desiree Cousteau (ranked by Die-Screaming as one of the 10 best female pornstars of the 70’s). The movie was well received by critics and had a good box office performance. It’s considered one of the most memorable films of the era and it was one of the few adult films that were able to break into mainstream consciousness. It also influenced a number of sequels and spin-offs.

6. The Story of Joanna (1975)
The 10 Best Porn Movies of the 1970s - The Story of Joanna

“The Story of Joanna” is a 1975 adult film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Carl Parker. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, and is considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema. The film was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its focus on the female perspective and the exploration of female sexuality.

The film’s success helped establish Damiano as one of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry, and its high production values and strong performances helped to raise the bar for the quality of adult films. The film’s focus on the female perspective and exploration of female sexuality helped to break the mold of traditional adult films, which were mostly male-centric and objectifying towards women.

The film’s success also helped to pave the way for more adult films that focused on the female perspective and experience, which was a significant shift in the adult film industry. It also helped to pave the way for the mainstreaming of the feminist movement in the adult film industry.

5. The Erotic Adventures of Zorro (1972)
The 10 Best Porn Movies of the 1970s - The Erotic Adventures of Zorro
“The Erotic Adventures of Zorro” is a 1972 adult film directed by Alex de Renzy and starring Annette Haven. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, it was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its comedic approach. The film was also known for its clever and subtle satire of the societal norms of the era.

The film’s success helped establish de Renzy as one of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry, and its high production values and strong performances helped to raise the bar for the quality of adult films. The film’s comedic approach and its satire of societal norms helped to destigmatize the adult film industry and showed that adult films could be entertaining, thought-provoking and mainstream.

The film’s success also led to the creation of other adult parodies such as “The Erotic Adventures of Robin Hood” and “The Erotic Adventures of Hercules”

4. The Opening of Misty Beethoven (1976)

“The Opening of Misty Beethoven” is a 1976 adult film directed by Radley Metzger and starring Constance Money. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, it’s considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema. The film was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its use of a comedic approach and parody of the classic novel “Pygmalion” by George Bernard Shaw.

3. Behind the Green Door (1972)

“Behind the Green Door” is a 1972 adult film directed by Jim and Artie Mitchell and starring Marilyn Chambers. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, it’s considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema. The film was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its use of a controversial and taboo subject matter.

The film’s success helped establish the Mitchell brothers as some of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry, and its high production values and strong performances helped to raise the bar for the quality of adult films. The use of controversial and taboo subject matter helped to destigmatize the adult film industry and showed that adult films could tackle more serious and thought-provoking themes.

The film’s success also led to the creation of other adult films that used controversial and taboo subject matter such as “Deep Throat” and “The Devil in Miss Jones”.

2. The Devil in Miss Jones (1973)

“The Devil In Miss Jones” is a 1973 adult film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Georgina Spelvin. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s, it’s considered a classic of the “Golden Age” of adult cinema. The film was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its use of a controversial and taboo subject matter. The film’s central character, Justine Jones, is a woman who, after committing suicide, is deemed too “innocent” to go to hell but too “experienced” to go to heaven and is sent to a purgatory-like limbo where she is presented with various sexual temptations.

The film’s success also led to the creation of other adult films that used controversial and taboo subject matter such as “Deep Throat” and “Behind the Green Door”.

1. Deep Throat (1972)

“Deep Throat” is a 1972 adult film directed by Gerard Damiano and starring Linda Lovelace. The film is considered one of the most important and influential adult films of the 1970s and one of the most well-known adult films in history. It was known for its high production values, strong performances, and its use of a controversial and taboo subject matter, which is the exploration of the main character’s sexual dysfunction caused by her small clitoris, which is located in the back of her throat.

The film’s success helped establish Damiano as one of the most respected and influential directors in the adult film industry and Linda Lovelace as a cultural icon. The film’s success also led to the creation of other adult films that used controversial and taboo subject matter such as “Behind the Green Door” and “The Devil in Miss Jones”. Additionally, the film’s name “Deep Throat” became a pop culture reference and a synonym for oral sex.
