The Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2014
November 23, 2014 by Dan C. 1 Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest porn films of 2014…
10. Hollywood Babylon (Evil Angel)

Hollywood Babylon is director Dana Vespoli’s masterpiece, delivering a powerful story backed by top-shelf hardcore performances from Sovereign Syre (who stars in each of the film’s 5 scenes while also performing her first B/G scenes) makes Hollywood Babylon the type of twisted, dirty porn that makes most other smut just look average.

9. Squatter (Vivid)

When he’s at his best, James Deen is one of the most entertaining performers in porn. And in Squatter – which he also directed – Deen leads an all-star cast in delivering one of the most entertaining porn films of the year. The combination of scorching hardcore fucking and goofball comedy makes for required viewing.

8. Shades of Scarlet (Zero Tolerance Entertainment)

Shades of Scarlet is certainly inspired by 50 Shades of Grey, but this movie sets itself apart from other couples’ BDSM porn films by delivering some of the most smoking hot hardcore bondage scenes that I’ve seen this year. Additionally, Karlie Montana delivered arguably her most impressive performance to date, adding enough of a spark to help make Shades of Scarlet on of the Top 10 best porn films of 2014.

7. Gardener (Girlfriends Films)

Gardner is just an incredibly powerful movie, almost overwhelmingly so. With a hugely controversial script from director B. Skow, along with career-best performances from Jessie Andrews and Kurt Lockwood, Gardner is a porn film that packs so much power that you will never be able to forget it once you’ve seen it.

6. Killers (Cobra Films)
Skin Diamond is unquestionably one of the absolute best pornstars on the planet, and she was featured in several very good porn movies in 2014. That being said, Killers was when we saw her at her best. This movie, from a studio and a director that few have ever heard of, was absolutely sizzling in terms of the hardcore action. Combine Ms. Diamond with some of the best performers Europe has to offer and set against an intense storyline, Killers is arguably the most surprising hit of 2014.

5. Second Chances (New Sensations)

What’s this? A couples’ porn making the Top 5 best porn movies of 2014? Yes. Unlike most of its peers in this genre, Second Chances has more going for it than just tired, recycled Hollywood scripts. Thanks in large part to the amazing performance of Carter Cruise, this film is not only something that you can watch with your significant other, it also brings some incredible hardcore sex scenes that any porn fan can appreciate.

4. Wetwork (Vivid)

Wetwork is probably the single best film that Vivid has turned out in 2014. While the studio has become best known for its line of comic book themed porn parodies and celebrity sex tapes, this film from Eli Cross is just a solid piece of really great movie making and has some of the hottest sex scenes of any movie released this year.

3. Apocalypse X (Digital Playground)

After the departure of Jesse Jane, Stoya, Riley Steele, and Kayden Kross from the ranks of its contract performers, a lot of people (myself included) how Digital Playground would respond. With Apocalypse X, the studio sent a strong message that it can still turn out epic blockbusters that combine top-tier pornstars with big budget production and Hollywood-style storytelling. This is easily one of the most entertaining porn films of the year.

2. Aftermath (Wicked Pictures)

Another Brad Armstrong masterpiece, Aftermath isn’t just an outstanding piece of porn, it’s also a really great movie. With one of the most talented casts assembled in recent memory (both in terms of fucking and acting abilities), Aftermath was levels above almost every other adult film produced in 2014.

1. Voracious: Season 2 (Evil Angel)

Voracious: Season 2 is Die-Screaming’s selection for the Best Porn Movie of 2014. Collectively, Voracious: Season 2 is a masterwork. It has everything that you’d want from a great porn; incredible ultra-hardcore sex, solid performances from some of the biggest pornstars in the business, and a thrilling storyline.

Honorable Mention
Making this list was extremely difficult.  There were several porn movies that came out this year that could have (and maybe even should have) made this Top 10 list.  But that’s the nature of these things.  These lists are never going to be perfect and, inevitably, some really, really great films are going to be left out.

That being said, here are five porn movies from 2014 that I struggled with not including on this list.  If someone else were to put a similar Best Porn of 2014 Top 10 list together and included all of the following films, I really couldn’t argue with it.  So, for what it’s worth, here are the five movies that didn’t make this list but maybe should have…

Cinderella XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)
Holly…Would (Wicked Pictures)
Misha Cross Wide Open (Evil Angel)
Not Jersey Boys XXX (X-Play)
American Hustle XXX (Smash Pictures)
What do you think?
What are your thoughts on Die-Screaming’s Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2014?  Did I get it right?  Did I completely mess it up?  Let me know in the comments below.
