The Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2015
December 8, 2015 by Dan C. 3 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of 2015…
10. Anikka’s Anal Sluts (Evil Angel)

Anikka’s Anal Sluts is a four hour epic that is filled with some of the most intense hardcore porn you will ever see. This is just straight up, raw gonzo porn at its very best and is certainly deserving to be considered one of the best XXX movies of 2015

9. Ass Worship 16 (Jules Jordan Video)

Seeing Ass Worship 16 listed as one of the ten best porn movies of 2015 may surprise some of you. However, it shouldn’t. The hardcore sex scenes in this film are absolutely incredible. Not all porn needs a plot in order to be memorable, as proven by this stellar piece of smut from Jules Jordan.

8. Barbarella XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)

Riley Steele as Barbarella in a hardcore porn movie directed by Axel Braun should be enough for you to add Barbarella XXX to your must-watch list. And you needed another reason, did I mention Asa Akira plays The Great Tyrant?

7. Starmaker (Wicked Pictures)

The performances of Asa Akira, jessica drake, and Tommy Pistol in Starmaker are award-worthy, as is the expert storytelling of director Brad Armstrong. If you like your porn hot and edgy, you will not want to miss this movie.

6. Peter Pan XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)

Even if you’re not a fan of porn parodies, you could still find lots of reasons to enjoy Peter Pan XXX. The combination of Axel Braun’s magic touch and the performances of Riley Steele as Tinker Bell and Steven St. Croix as Captain Hook combines to make this movie something special.

5. Magic Mike XXXL (Wicked Pictures)

While he isn’t necessarily known for his porn parody work, Magic Mike XXXL was his best film of the year. The movie delivered an impressive 9 hardcore sex scenes, an all-star cast, and was just in general a super high-quality production.

4. Batman V Superman XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)

Axel Braun has made a career out of making porn parody movies that have the look and feel of a Hollywood production. Batman V Superman XXX was hands down his best film of the year, which is saying something considering there’s two other Axel Braun movies on this list.

3. Wanted (Wicked Pictures)

I’ve been saying for years that Stormy Daniels is one of the industry’s most talented performers and directors. With Wanted, she delivered what is arguably her greatest porn masterpiece to date and one of the best porn movies of 2015.

2. Marriage 2.0 (Adam & Eve)

Marriage 2.0 is the porn movie that everyone was talking about in 2015, even the mainstream media. Not only was this one of the most original adult films that I’ve seen in recent memory, it was also one of India Summer’s best performances of her career.

1. The Submission of Emma Marx: Boundaries (New Sensations)

The Submission of Emma Marx: Boundaries is Die-Screaming’s selection for #1 porn movie of the year. It features everything from blistering-hot hardcore sex scenes to some of the very best acting and directing you will ever see in a porn movie. If you only watch one XXX film from 2015, make it this one.

About this year’s Top 10 best porn movie rankings…
Of all the annual Top 10 lists that I do for Die-Screaming, this one is the toughest for me.  Over the course of 2015, there were thousands of hardcore porn movies released.  And most of them were average at best.  However, there were probably between 50 and 75 that were excellent…at least from what I was able to see.  So narrowing that group down to only 10 is extremely hard.

That being said, I tried to be as objective as possible when putting these rankings together.  I scored 69 of the very best porn movies that I had the opportunity to watch over the past year across 5 categories.  Math was done and the films with the ten highest scores were the ones listed above.  While I’ll admit that this list isn’t perfect (no “Top 10” list can be), I do believe that this is about as solid a group of hardcore films as anyone could put together.

And to be perfectly clear, if I didn’t watch the movie myself…it wasn’t included in the scoring process.

I should also point out that I didn’t segment films out by genre (feature, non-feature, parody, gonzo, etc.) for the purposes of scoring.  All the movies were scored against the same criteria.  I did this because I wanted to identify the ten best porn films of 2015, period.

Finally, while I won’t reveal my exact scoring metrics (because I am a douchey Internet blogger), I will say that the scores were extremely close.  How close?  Positions #1 (The Submission of Emma Marx 2) and #10 (Anikka’s Anal Sluts) were separated by only 2.05 points.  Additionally, there were 19 films that were less than 1 point away from making the Top 10.

What do you think?
While I’m very comfortable standing behind the rankings that I’ve presented above, I’m absolutely open to the idea that I may have gotten all of them wrong.  As I’ve already said, no Top 10 list is perfect and neither is this one.  So if you have your own Top 10 list of the best porn films of 2015, share it in the comments below.  Or don’t.  Honestly, I’m okay either way.
