The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2017
December 31, 2017 by Dan C. 3 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of the year!
10. Confessions of a Sinful Nun (Sweetheart Video)

This is the movie that proves all of us need more Nun Porn in our lives.  Written and directed by Ricky Greenwood and produced by Dana Vespoli, Confessions of a Sinful Nun features Charlotte Stokely delivering one of the best performances of her career and a powerful showing from the legendary Nina Hartley in the role of Mother Superior.  The movie combined for an impressive eighteen AVN and XBIZ Award nominations and ended up being one of the best selling adult films of 2017.

9. Sacrosanct (TrenchcoatX)

From open to close, Kayden Kross’ Sacrosanct was one of the hottest hardcore releases of 2017.  Katrina Jade’s threesome with Charles Dera and Tommy Gunn in the opening scene alone is worth the price of admission, but when you add in jaw dropping performances from Honey Gold, Angela White, Jillian Janson and Kayden Kross, there is no way you should live with yourself if you haven’t seen this movie.

8. Angela Vol. 3 (AGW Entertainment)

If anyone is wondering why Angela White was named by Die-Screaming as the Best Female Pornstar of 2017, that person has probably not yet seen Angela Vol. 3.  While Ms. White delivered several impressive hardcore performances over the past twelve months, her work in Angela Vol. 3 (which she also directed) is probably her best stuff.  I would go so far as to say it’s possibly the best all-sex release of 2017.

7. Justice League XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)

The Hollywood Justice League movie was a huge disappointment, but thankfully Axel Braun was able to step in and save the day with another of his hugely impressive comic book porn parodies.  Justice League XXX has plenty to love, everything from the awesome costumes to masterful cinematography, but the highlight of the movie has to be Romi Rain in the role of Wonder Woman.

6. The Obsession (Sweet Sinner)

In The Obsession, Abella Danger’s performance was so perfectly twisted that it should be considered one of the best (and creepiest) things that she’s ever done and snag her at least one Best Actress trophy when those things are handed out a few weeks from now.  While The Submission of Emma Marx: Evolved might be the most hyped Jacky St. James movie of 2017, The Obsession was her greatest achievement of the year.

5. Ethnicity (Wicked Pictures)

Not only was Ethni•City one of the best adult films of 2017, but it was also featured some of the most powerful dramatic performances of any movie featured on this list.  Helmed by master storyteller Brad Armstrong, this film mixed an excellent story with of some of the most talented performers in all of smut, including Prince Yahshua, Misty Stone and Ricky Johnson, and came away as being one of the most memorable erotic films of the year.

4. The Altar of Aphrodite (PornFidelity)

The Altar of Aphrodite is arguably the most impressive thing that PornFidelity or director Ryan Madison have ever produced.  The story is electrifying and is taken to another level thanks to the performances of Angela White and Chanel Preston, both of whom ranked in Die-Screaming’s Top 10 Best Female Pornstars of 2017.  Hands down one of the best adult films that I saw this year.

3. Undercover (Marc Dorcel)

Because it was released so late in the year, Undercover didn’t get any AVN or XBIZ nominations.  That will undoubtedly change when the 2019 nominations come out next year, however, because this film was unquestionably one of the best pieces of adult cinema of the year.  Directed by Herve Bodilis and Ludovic Dekan, Undercover is a visually stunning thriller that’s loaded with amazing hardcore action.

2. Half His Age: A Teenage Tragedy (Pure Taboo)

Half His Age: A Teenage Tragedy was certainly one of the most talked about porn films of 2017 and amassed a huge collection of AVN and XBIZ Award nominations.  Kristen Scott and Jill Kassidy were ranked by Die-Screaming as the number one and two best new starlets of 2017 respectively and their killer performances in this movie were a big part of that.  Co-directors Bree Mills and Craven Moorehead absolutely knocked it out of the park with this one.

1. An Inconvenient Mistress (Wicked Pictures)

An Inconvenient Mistress is Die-Screaming’s selection for Best Porn Movie of 2017.  What sets this movie apart is outstanding all-around performances from jessica drake and Ryan Driller, an edge-of-your-seat plot and a terrific supporting cast.  Everything about this movie was great and if you could only see one of the movies on this list, it should be this one.

About this year’s Best Porn Movie of the Year rankings…
Trying to come up with a Top 10 list of the best porn movies of the year is always one of the most difficult things I do.  The fact that I’m a fucking idiot and usually cross-eyed drunk on cheap whiskey probably doesn’t make it any easier.  But all that being said, I’m willing to stand by the Top 10 that I present to you here.

I should also take this time to mention a few things…

Obviously, I only considered movies that I actually watched in 2017 for this list.  While I live a truely sad existence and watch enough smut to cause brain damage, I still wasn’t able to see everything that was released this year.  I’ll try harder in 2018.
There were absolutely more than ten great XXX films released over the past twelve months and for every film that was included in this list, there was at least one that I wish I would be able to add but couldn’t because math.
What were some of those movies that were amazing but just could fit on this list for one reason or another?  The Submission of Emma Marx: Evolved (New Sensations), Bad Babes INC (Adam & Eve), Agent 69 (Adam & Eve), Takers (Wicked Pictures) and The Candidate (Sweetheart Video).  And those are just for starters.
I wasn’t bribed by any studios, directors or performers to include any of the movies that you see here on this list.  I wish someone would offer me money, really for anything, but I understand that I’m the worst porn blogger ever and the only people who visit this site are illiterate and come only to watch the videos and look at the boobs.  MORE WHISKEY!
What do you think?
I’m sure all of you Internet people disagree with each and every one of my rankings and I’m okay with that.  I’ve long since murdered my self esteem with high-octane alcohol and my soul looks like a shriveled up hot dog.  But if you’d like to take the time to prattle on about what this Top 10 should look like, have at it in the comments below.  I’ll be crying myself to sleep in my tub if you need me.
