The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2018
December 31, 2018 by Dan C. 7 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of 2018…
10. Talk Derby to Me (Sweetheart Video)

Talk Derby to Me, the all-girl feature from director Ricky Greenwood and Sweetheart Video, features Joanna Angel delivering one of the strongest performances of the year.  The film also has terrific showings from Stoya, Gia Paige, Elsa Jean, and Katrina Jade.  Powered by an interesting story and filled to the brim with some of the best lesbian sex scenes of 2018, Talk Derby to Me is one of those porn movies that is worth watching repeatedly.  I’ve watched Talk Derby to Me so many times that I now wanna be a roller derby girl and that’s just not gonna happen for several reasons.

9. Camgirl (Wicked Pictures)

If you like strong dramatic acting performances to go alongside your XXX, Camgirl has you covered.  Kristen Scott, Angela White, Lucas Frost, and Small Hands bring this Brad Armstrong crafted story to life, giving a powerful look into the ups and downs of doing sex stuff in front of a webcam.  If Camgirl wasn’t the best showing of Kristen Scott’s career, it’s damn close because she was absolutely perfect in this movie.

8. I Am Angela (Evil Angel)

Die-Screaming just ranked Angela White as the number one female pornstar of 2018.  I Am Angela, a “docuporn” directed by Evil Chris, should be all the convincing anyone needs to agree with that.  Across four hardcore scenes, Ms. White gives a clinic on what being an XXX superstar is all about and delivers sex scenes that are hot enough to burn your goddamn eyes right out of your skull.  So when you watch I Am Angela, maybe just do it with one eye shut so you don’t lose both of them.

7. After Dark (Vixen)

I’ve been telling you fuckers for quite some time now that Kayden Kross is one of the best directors currently working in smut.  After Dark is a hardcore masterpiece, includes some of the best hardcore work of Tori Black’s career, is visually stunning, and it isn’t even the best think Kayden did this year (that honor goes to another movie on this list).  I loved After Dark so much that I bought a bunch of copies to give out as Christmas gifts and if you think I’m kidding then you have no idea about how much I love destroying holidays or how drunk I am when doing my shopping.

6. The Possession of Mrs. Hyde (Wicked Pictures)

Axel Braun has helmed several blockbuster films, a few of which have appeared on previous year’s Top 10 Best Porn Movie lists.  With that in mind, Axel has described The Possession of Mrs. Hyde as the most important movie of his entire career.  That might sound like a lot of hype, but after watching The Possession of Mrs. Hyde, I will say that this is possibly the best thing Mr. Braun has ever produced.  Avi Love gave a career-best performance, the cinematography is on point, and the hardcore action is terrific.  Additionally, the entire film is black-and-white so all of your hipster friends will love it.

5. Anne: A Taboo Parody (Pure Taboo)

Like a lot of things that Pure Taboo does, Anne: A Taboo Parody will both entertain you and kind of make you feel like you’re a garbage person for watching it.  I mean, it’s a porn movie about sexually exploited orphans.  However, under the direction of Bree Mills and Craven Moorehead, the movie is just too amazing to miss.  Eliza Jane and Tommy Pistol are absolutely fantastic and the hardcore scenes are some of the best of 2018.  If you’re reading this website then you’re obviously already dead inside so just go ahead and watch it.

4. A Trailer Park Taboo (Pure Taboo)

With A Trailer Park Taboo, all Joanna Angel did was create one of the very best hardcore feature movies of 2018.  The performance that Small Hands gave in his role as Jack should win him some Best Actor trophies and certainly strengthens his candidacy for Male Performer of the Year.  India Summer, Joanna Angel, and Kenzie Reeves also gave solid performances and helped elevate an already powerful, twisted story.  Expect A Trailer Park Taboo to be a powerhouse at the upcoming AVN and XBIZ awards because this is XXX cinema at its very best.

3. Fallen 2: Angels & Demons (Wicked Pictures)

Fallen stands as one of the greatest adult films of this Millenium.  Fallen II: Angels & Demons, released ten years after the original, is an outstanding sequel that is just as terrific as the first movie.  Once again, Brad Armstrong brings a gripping story, his master-level movie making skills, and top-shelf acting abilities to help make something special.  jessica drake once again slays in her role as Angel and Leigh Raven and Tommy Pistol each give performances that you won’t soon forget.  Unless you got into as many rock fights as a kid as I did, in which case I don’t even know where I am right now.

2. The Cursed XXX (Adam & Eve)

A lot of things went very right to make The Cursed XXX one of 2018’s best hardcore films.  Will Ryder crafted a movie that was dark, entertaining, and loaded with some truly incredible sex scenes.  Riley Reid gave a performance that reminded us all as to why she’s one of the best adult performers of this generation.  The cinematography was as terrific as anything Porn Valley has produced this year.  And it’s full of murder!  If Jesus were alive today, this is the porn that he’d be beating off to.

1. Abigail (Tushy)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2018 - Abigail

Abigail is Die-Screaming’s pick for the Best Porn Movie of 2018.  Kayden Kross pulled out all the stops on this one, delivering a movie that combines expert-level storytelling and some of the hottest hardcore scenes that you will see in any porn movie ever.  Abigail Mac blows the doors off your mind with her work in this film and the rest of the cast serve up multiple award-worthy showings.  There were only a handful of XXX films released in 2018 that I would consider “great” and Abigail was the best of all of them.

About this year’s Best Porn Movie rankings…
My people, believe me when I tell you that putting this list together was probably one of the most challenging things I had to do this year.  And as someone who isn’t good at anything, habitually makes poor decisions, and binge drinks whiskey on the regular, I was faced with some impressive challenges.  But ranking the ten best adult films was the hardest.

Much of that had to do with the fact that while there were probably fifteen or twenty movies that deserve to be on this list, only ten would fit.  Math is a cold, heartless sonofabitch.  I would have loved to include films such as Star Wars: The Last Temptation (Digital Playground), Future Darkly Vol. 1 (Pure Taboo), Deadpool XXX (Wicked Pictures), and a few others…but I couldn’t.

Here are a few other tidbits you should keep in mind about these rankings…

I only included movies that I watched.  It’s just not possible to watch all of the porn movies that are released in a year, so if I didn’t get a chance to see it, it wasn’t considered.
While a few studios and directors did send me some screener copies of their movies, that had no effect on the rankings.  Many of the films in this year’s Top 10 were ones that I purchased using my own monies.
Please don’t email me asking where you can get any of these (or any other) movies for free.  If you don’t wanna pay for it then you don’t deserve to see it.
What do you think?
As I’ve already said, this list isn’t perfect.  Not by a long shot.  But in order to move one XXX film into these rankings, one has to be moved out.  You can play around with it all day and there’s still gonna be a whole bunch of really special movies left off.  I’m willing to stand by the Top 10 that you see here.

You can disagree with all of my choices.  That’s fine.  I’m just a shit-head porn blogger and my opinion isn’t anything more than just some shit-head’s opinion.  Feel free to leave your own Top 10 in the comments below.  I won’t read them but I’m sure someone will.  Maybe.
