The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2019
December 31, 2019 by Dan C. 7 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of 2019…
10. Angela White: Dark Side (Jules Jordan Video)

Angela White: Dark Side is an absolute force of nature in terms of non-stop hardcore action and easily one of the best XXX releases of 2019.  Across the span of six scenes, Angela White (ranked as Die-Screaming’s #1 Female Pornstar of 2019) and director Jules Jordan craft one of the most intense and entertaining work of Ms. White’s career.  But don’t take my word for it; AVN has nominated Angela White: Darkside for an impressive eight awards, including Best Star Showcase, Best Boy/Girl Sex Scene, Best Blowbang Scene, Best Cinematography, Best Director, and Best Gangbang Scene.

9. Love Song (Wicked Pictures)

Mike Quasar has long been one of the most talented directors in all of smut but Love Song is probably one of the greatest things he’s ever crafted.  Bolstered by award-worthy performances from Small Hands (Die-Screaming’s #1 Male Pornstar of 2019), Aiden Ashley, and Joanna Angel, Love Song was for me one of the most memorable XXX features of the year.  The film earned multiple award nominations from XBIZ, AVN, and Inked Magazine and rightly deserves to be considered one of the best pieces of adult cinema of the year.

8. I Am Riley (Evil Angel)

Any time an entire porn movie is dedicated to Riley Reid, it’s going to get lots of attention but I Am Riley is probably the best of her showcase movies ever produced.  That’s a bold statement, sure, but the hardcore work featured in this flick are equally as bold and combined with insights into Riley’s life that we haven’t before seen or heard.  Various directors contributed their talents to each of the hardcore scenes, including Bree Mills, John Stagliano, Jonni Darkko, Chris Streams, and Riley Reid herself.  At nearly five hours in length, I Am Riley is an epic piece of XXX cinema dedicated to one of the most epic pornstars on Earth.

7. 3 Cheers For Satan (BurningAngel Entertainment)

Joanna Angel has for years delivered some of the best stuff of any director in porn and 3 Cheers For Satan absolutely ranks as one of the best things that she’s helmed in recent memory.  Jane Wilde, Kira Noir, and Kenzie Reeves are perfect in their roles as soul-selling cheerleaders and Small Hands was born to play the role of the devil.  Their performances, combined with Ms. Angel’s unique brand of storytelling combine to make 3 Cheers For Satan one of the most entertaining releases of 2019.

6. Captain Marvel XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (Wicked Pictures)

When it comes to big-budget XXX superhero blockbusters, no one has ever done it better than Axel Braun.  In 2019, his Captain Marvel XXX parody was one of the most entertaining and best-selling releases of the year.  An impressive showing by Kenzie Taylor in the title role alongside some of the most impressive CGI that you’ll ever see in a porn movie helped this film stand out from almost everything else released in 2019.  Braun took things to another level by giving us the Captain Marvel/Jean Grey/Deadpool threesome that Marvel Comics never would, not to mention being one of the best hardcore scenes of the previous twelve months.

5. The Gentleman (MissaX)

What was the only movie featured on this list that was nominated by AVN for Best Drama, Best Leading Actor, Best Leading Actress, Best Supporting Actor, Best Supporting Actress, Best Director, and Best Screenplay?  It was The Gentleman.  Lacy Lennon and Zac Wild each delivered arguably the best performances of their careers and the combination of an expertly crafted thriller story alongside some of the hottest hardcore action of the year make The Gentleman an absolute must-watch piece of adult cinema.

4. Perspective (Adult Time)

Perspective is one of the most complex pieces of XXX that I have ever seen.  Written and directed by Bree Mills, one of the industry’s most brilliant filmmakers, the movie is nothing short of a masterpiece.  The performances of Angela White and Seth Gamble were each some of the most powerful showings of the year and, possibly, of either of their careers.  From beginning to end, Perspective is a rollercoaster of emotion and plot twists that very few adult films ever come close to achieving.  Regardless of how long you’ve been watching porn, you’ve never seen anything like this.

3. Lost Love (Wicked Pictures)

Brad Armstrong is probably the greatest director to have ever worked in porn and he’s at his very best when partnered with jessica drake and her considerable talents.  Lost Love is a perfect example of that magical synergy, combining some of drake’s best dramatic and hardcore work alongside Armstrong’s unmatched storytelling abilities.  The powerful and ultimately impactful story is enhanced even further with outstanding showings by Kira Noir, Penny Pax, Jessie Lee, and the always-impressive Small Hands.   And did I mention that Lost Love earned a collective twenty XBIZ and AVN award nominations?  Because it did.

2. Teenage Lesbian (Adult Time)

If you weren’t already impressed with how talented a performer Kristen Scott was before Teenage Lesbian, you should be now.  Assuming that you’ve seen Teenage Lesbian because if you haven’t then you’re missing one of the single most powerful XXX features of 2019.  The second of the written-and-directed-by Bree Mills films in the Top 5 of this countdown, the film is based on Mills’ own life experience as she came of age in the 1990s.  Her intimately personal story is brought to life by what is possibly the best overall work that Kristen Scott has ever delivered.  All of this results in Teenage Lesbian being an instant adult classic.

1. Drive (Deeper)

Drive is Die-Screaming’s choice for the #1 porn movie of 2019.  The film is a tour de force of hardcore action that’s brought to life by some of the most talented people currently working in porn.  This is also the second year in a row that Kayden Kross has taken the top spot, leaving no question that she is one of the most brilliant creative minds in this industry and is blessed with seemingly limitless potential as a filmmaker.  Each of the five hardcore scenes in Drive are individually some of the finest that you’ll ever see in any XXX feature but having them served up together as part of Kross’ powerfully erotic story is nearly overwhelming.

About this year’s Top 10 list…
This is the sixth consecutive year that I’ve assembled these Top 10 Best Porn Movie rankings for Die-Screaming.  It’s always agonizing putting this list together because there’s so many terrific XXX films that deserve to be included…but I can only pick ten.  The movies that you see here are the ones that, in my opinion, stood above the rest for a number of reasons and, I believe, represent the absolute best that the smut industry churned out over the span of the previous twelve months.

I should also mention a few other things in regards to this Top 10 list…

Obviously, I only considered movies that I’ve actually seen.  Every year, there are way more porn movies released than any single person can ever watch in a lifetime let alone a year…so maybe I missed something that should have been included here.
These rankings were not influenced in any way by any studio, director, or performer.  Yes, I am sent a handful of movies from various people throughout the year to check out but I end up having to buy nearly all of the porn I watch.  The majority of the films on this list, in fact, were ones that I had to pay hard-earned porn blogging monies to see.
What do you think?
I’m pretty convinced the films you see above are the absolute best of the best in terms of porn movies released in 2019.  But maybe you disagree.  That’s fine.  Just leave your own Top 10 rankings in the comments below.  I apologize in advance for how badly it smells down there.  It’s been a busy year and I haven’t cleaned it in a while.
