The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2020
December 31, 2020 by Dan C. 3 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of the year…
10. Influence (Tushy)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2020 - Influence

Influence was an outstanding piece of XXX cinema that stood out for a few reasons. Not only did it represent the first time Elsa Jean performed anal on camera…she did it in each of the movie’s five scenes. Influence also featured a hugely talented supporting cast, including Emily Willis (Die-Screaming’s #1 female pornstar of 2020) and Isiah Maxwell (Die-Screaming’s #1 male pornstar of 2020). Finally, the combination of Elsa Jean’s intense hardcore performances along with Derek Dozer’s masterful cinematography made this one of the must-see adult films of the year.

9. Sweet, Sweet Sally Mae (Adult Time)

Sweet, Sweet Sally Mae came out too late in the year to get any consideration from the likes of XBIZ and AVN for their 2021 awards shows and that’s a shame. Written and directed by Ricky Greenwood, the film stars Ana Foxxx in the title role and is inspired by the blacksploitation movies of the 1970’s. The XXX action is all Girl/Girl and features a nice mix of hardcore performances and Seventies-style action sequences to deliver one of the more entertaining porn movies of 2020.

8. Paranormal (GirlGirl)

Paranormal is an excellent mini-series from GirlGirl that features Kristen Scott using crosses, holy water and lesbian sex to fight witches and demons. That alone should be enough to get Paranormal a spot on this Top 10 but it has even more going for it. The series co-stars some of the industry’s biggest talents, including Emily Willis, Adriana Chechik and Riley Reid, all of whom help bring to life a story that is a balance of Buffy the Vampire Slayer-style comedy intertwined nicely with hellfire and girl-on-girl fucking.

7. Mistress Maitland (Deeper) - Done

Mistress Maitland is the first of two Kayden Kross directed films on this list that also happen to star Maitland Ward. Each of the four hardcore scenes featured in this movie are absolute scorchers and feature some of the highest quality cinematic craftsmanship of any XXX joint released in 2020. In addition to the always exciting (and award-winning) Maitland Ward/Kayden Kross partnership, Mistress Maitland also delivers solid performances from Markus Dupree, Riley Reid and Pressure.

6. The Path to Forgiveness (AllHerLuv)

The Path to Forgiveness is easily one of the most impressive pieces of adult cinema to come out of 2020 and further evidence that Whitney Wright is an absolute powerhouse of a writer/director. The film manages to navigate some extremely weighty subject matter while also delivering Girl/Girl scenes that absolutely sizzle. All of that helped The Path to Forgiveness earn an impressive ten AVN award nominations, including Best Directing, Best Screenplay and two Best Supporting Actress nods (Joanna Angel and Daisy Taylor).

5. Safe Word (Lust Cinema)

Erika Lust was not fucking around in 2020. As proof of that, consider that Safe Word is the first of two of her studio’s films that appear in the Top 5 of this countdown. This movie set itself apart through a combination of powerful performances from stars Mona Wales and Mickey Mod and master-level storytelling and direction from Ms. Lust. Add in a great showing from Nina Hartley and some top-shelf hardcore action and believe me when I tell you that Safe Word is reason enough for you to sign up for a Lust Cinema membership (as of this writing, that’s the only place you can get it) because that’s exactly what I did. And I’m porn blogger poor.

4. The Summoning (Digital Playground)

Demons summoned from Hell? Virgin sacrifices? Abigail Mac doing naked sex stuff? The Summoning has all of that, along with some very solid production value and CGI effects and impressive showings from such big-time stars as Romi Rain, Gina Valentina, Seth Gamble, Xander Corvus and the aforementioned Ms. Mack. And if you don’t wanna take my word for it, that’s fine. But consider that The Summoning was just nominated for a collective sixteen AVN and XBIZ awards, including Feature Movie of the Year, Best Actor, Best Actress, Best Screenplay and Best Directing.

3. A Killer On the Loose (MissaX)

A Killer On the Loose is the second appearance of something directed by Ricky Greenwood on this Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2020 countdown. It also happens to feature Seth Gamble and Aiden Ashley giving two of the strongest performances of their careers. The quality of Greenwood’s direction and the award-worthy performances of the cast make A Killer On the Loose one of the most entertaining and memorable hardcore features of the year and those are just facts.

2. Primary (Lust Cinema)

Even though I don’t have Primary ranked as the number one porn movie of 2020, that’s pretty much only because I couldn’t have two films in the top spot. But don’t get it twisted; Primary should absolutely be considered one of the absolute best things to come out of this flaming bag of hobo shit of a year. Casey Calvert wrote and directed this joint and did an A+ job on everything from the story to the casting.

Speaking of the cast, Ana Foxxx, Kira Noir, and Derrick Pierce all earned themselves Best Actor/Actress nods for their roles in this movie and the film itself was nominated for nearly every damn award category that XBIZ and AVN could think up.

1. Muse (Deeper)

Muse: Season 1 is Die-Screaming’s pick for the #1 Best Porn Movie of 2020. This is the third consecutive year that a Kayden Kross helmed film has claimed the top spot on this annual countdown, leaving no room for doubt that she needs to be considered the industry’s leading director. Muse is a powerhouse of adult cinema, featuring award-worthy performances from both Maitland Ward and Adriana Chechik along with some of the highest quality cinematography of anything this industry has released all year.

I could go on and on about how incredible the performances and movie making craftsmanship were in Muse: Season 1 but I won’t. What I will say is that you are a damn fool if you don’t make the time to watch this thing because it really is the best porn movie of the year.

About this Top 10 list…
This is the seventh year in a row that I’ve assembled this Top 10 Best Porn Movies of the Year list for Die-Screaming. It’s also probably the strangest, thanks to the chaos that COVID wreaked on the industry. That being said, there were way more than ten absolutely great adult films released over the span of 2020 and it makes me sick that I can only highlight ten here.

Here are some things that I think are worth mentioning…

The only movies that I considered for the 10 Best Porn Movies of 2020 were ones that I actually saw. In doing what I do, I obviously watch hugely unhealthy amounts of smut but there were some XXX films that I didn’t get to watch this year.
Occasionally, studios or press agents do send me screeners to watch but most of the porn that I watch is stuff that I pay for myself. Additionally, the ten movies that you see up above really are the ten that I think were the best of the year and I was the sole decider of which movies made the cut.
I wasn’t offered anything by anyone to include or exclude a movie from this Top 10. There are affiliate links included in the post but that’s ’cause I gotta pay for my whiskey addiction somehow.
What do you think?
As I’ve already mentioned, I watched a lot of porn in 2020. Like…a real lot. So when it comes to picking the ten best XXX films of the year, I feel like I’m extremely qualified. You, however, probably think that everything about my list is wrong.

That’s fine. Just leave your own (inferior) top 10 list in the comments box below and please be sure to flush and wash your hands when done.
