The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2021
December 25, 2021 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of the year…
10. Future Darkly: Pandemic (Adult Time)

Future Darkly: Pandemic might be one of the most relevant film of any genre to be released in 2021. The movie tackles head on many of the aspects of our “new normal” that most other media either glosses over or avoids outright. Helmed by Bree Mills, Future Darkly: Pandemic gives us a glimpse of a near-future world that feels both devastated and familiar. A top-tier cast that includes Scarlit Scandal, Cherie DeVille and the late Jake Adams brings it all to life and explores how a variety of people are managing to find connection and sex in a time when everyone is living under the crushing weight of pandemic exhaustion, loneliness and fear.

9. Succubus (BurningAngel)

Succubus was absolutely one of the bright spots of 2021 and the first of two Joanna Angel directed adult films on this list. Maybe because (as of this writing) the movie isn’t widely available outside of the BurningAngel or Adult Time member sites, Succubus probably doesn’t get the hype that it very much deserves. This movie brings together an insanely talented cast (Aubrey Kate, Joanna Angel, Small Hands, Jane Wilde, etc.), a plot that’s entertaining enough to keep you engaged through each of its four episodes and masterful movie making on the part of Joanna Angel.

8. Primary Season 2 (Lust Cinema)

Last year, the first season of Primary was ranked as one of the 10 best porn movies of 2020 so it shouldn’t be a surprise to see Season 2 make the Top 10 for 2021. Casey Calvert continues to show that she is one of the industry’s most talented storytellers in all of Porn, with the storylines and characters explored in Primary Season 2 some of the most complex and authentically human of anything produced within the adult industry in recent memory. Elevating all of that is one of the most talented cast of performers — including Ana Foxxx, Victoria Voxxx, Derrick Pierce and Cameron Hannibal Damage — that you’re likely to find in any adult movie anywhere.

7. I Am Aubrey (Evil Angel)

Die-Screaming just named Aubrey Kate as the best TS pornstar of 2021. If you had any question about why, I Am Aubrey from director Dana Vespoli (along with help from Aiden Starr, John Stagliano and Jonni Darkko) can help provide an answer. This epic docu-porn features Aubrey Kate in five scorching hardcore scenes and mixes in plenty of interviews and behind-the-scenes content in between. In addition to the awesome XXX talents of Aubrey Kate, I Am Aubrey is also loaded with some of the best talent in the biz, including Ramon Nomar, Kenzie Taylor, Pierce Paris and Chelsea Marie.

6. Under The Veil (MissaX)

Under The Veil is director Ricky Greenwood’s erotic exploration of what’s “behind the monastery walls to see what God’s servants are truly up to.” SPOILER ALERT: All the clergy are fucking. With a cast that includes such superstars as Tommy Pistol, Aiden Ashley, Dante Colle and Jane Wilde, Under The Veil is a thrilling string of sexual temptations and depravity that is easily one of 2021’s best pieces of adult cinema. The combination of Ricky Greenwood’s storytelling, the fire the cast unleashes in each scene and the heavy setting of a church results in something that just feels sinfully taboo.

5. Blue Moon Rising (MissaX)
Blue Moon Rising is the second Ricky Greenwood directed film on this year’s Top 10 and further proof that MissaX is delivering some of the most original smut of any studio in the adult movie game. I should also mention that Blue Moon Rising features werewolves, biker gangs, lots of gore and incredible hardcore fucking from the likes of Tommy Pistol, Aiden Ashley, Nicole Sage and Brooklyn Gray. If you can’t get excited about all of that then are you even alive? This might be the most fun to watch of any movie featured on this list.

4. Influence: Emily Willis (Vixen)

Did you know that Emily Willis was just ranked by Die-Screaming as the best female pornstar of 2021? Well, she was and Influence: Emily Willis (aka “Influence 2“) represents probably her best performances of the year. Crafted by and occasionally starring Kayden Kross, Influence: Emily Willis features some of the best hardcore action of any porn film released in any of the previous 12 months. It also boasts a supporting cast of talent that includes Elsa Jean, Mick Blue (the #1 male pornstar of the year), Isiah Maxwell, Manuel Ferrara and Rob Piper XXX.

3. Psychosexual (Vixen)

Psychosexual is the second of three Kaydon Kross helmed movies on this list. The films stars Gianna Dior and has her performing in four out of five of the film’s hardcore scenes, giving what has to be considered one of her career best showings. In typical Kaydon Kross fashion, Psychosexual soars well above the forgettable and frequently absent plots of most adult films and instead delivers a story that serves up an intelligent arch to compliment powerful and blistering sex scenes. This is what porn looks like when crafted by the hands of a master.

2. Muse Season 2 (Deeper)

The first season of Muse was Die-Screaming’s pick for the top XXX movie of 2020. Muse Season 2 didn’t fall far from achieving the same in 2021. As I mentioned in my review of this film, Maitland Ward’s elevated performance here has to be considered as possibly the best yet that we’ve seen from her. For her part, Kayden Kross was already sitting alone on the top shelf of directors currently working in Porn and what she’s given us with Muse Season 2 moved that shelf just a bit higher up on the wall.

1. Casey: A True Story (Adult Time)

Casey: A True Story is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best porn movie of 2021. In bringing Casey Kisses’ life story to the screen, Joanna Angel constructed something that hit all the feels and is as inspiring as it is hotly erotic. Dante Colle gives an award-worthy showing and is backed by strong showings from the whole cast, with those of Charles Dera, Casey Kisses, Kira Noir, Khloe Kay, Tommy Pistol and Kenna James of particular note. With Casey: A True Story, Joanna Angel gives us an adult cinema masterpiece that is every bit the inspirational powerhouse that we all need as we prepare to leave this hellscape of a year behind us.

About this year’s Top 10 best porn movies rankings…
2021 marks the eighth consecutive year that I’ve assembled the Top 10 best porn movie rankings for Die-Screaming. Putting this list together is always difficult because of how many fantastic adult films are released across a 12 month span and this year was no different. So while I strongly believe that all of the XXX flicks listed above are the best, there’s probably at least twenty more that people can have legitimate beef with me for not including.

I should also take a moment to speak on a few other things, too…

The only porn movies that were considered for inclusion in this Top 10 were adult films that I myself watched. I view a lot of porn each and every year but it’s just not possible to see everything. So if I didn’t see it, I didn’t consider it for these rankings.
These rankings were not in any way influenced by anyone other than me. While some studios occasionally send me a screener of a film or provide access to one of their sites so I can check something out, none of that factors into which films I selected for this Top 10 or where they were ranked. In most cases, I paid money out of my own pocket to watch the films that appear up above.
This post, along with many of the other posts on this terrible website, contains affiliate links. If someone clicks on one of those links and buys something, I make a bit of money. This had zero impact on which movies were included in this Top 10 list.
What do you think?
I think the ten movies listed up top were the ten best adult films of 2021. But maybe you disagree. That’s fine, just leave your own (probably inferior) Top 10 in the comments section below.
