The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2022
January 7, 2023 by Dan C. 1 Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX films of the year…
10. Maid To Kill (Sparks Entertainment)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Maid to Kill

Maid To Kill, the futuristic XXX thriller helmed by Harry Sparks, features an outstanding cast and a plot that is simultaneously entertaining and unsettling. Originally supposed to star Chloe Cherry, Lily Larimar proved herself to be an excellent choice for the lead role and used her impressive hardcore and dramatic acting skills to help elevate the movie to something really special. Kira Noir, Aiden Ashely, Ana Foxxx, Anna Claire Clouds and Isiah Maxwell (ranked as one of the 10 best male pornstars of 2022) served as an outstanding supporting cast. The result of all of this is that Maid To Kill hits just the right note and leaves you thinking about it long after the final credits role.

9. Love, Sex & Music (Adam & Eve)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Love, Sex & Music

Admittedly, I didn’t think I was going to like Will Ryder’s Love, Sex & Money going into it. I am passionately disinterested in anything Country music related and this is a hardcore feature that has Country music at its core. However, as I soon discovered, this film is just too damn good not to like. Will Ryder is a master storyteller and manages to craft a film that combines five hardcore and two solo scenes along with plenty of intrigue, some very solid performances from September Reign, Vanna Bardot and Whitney Wright and, yeah, a soundtrack that’s actually pretty decent.

8. Goddess And The Seed (Deeper)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Goddess And The Seed

Goddess And The Seed might be the most gorgeous adult film of 2022. It’s also the first of two Kayden Kross directed joints on this countdown. The movie hits like a wet fever dream, with a cast that includes the likes of Elena Koshka, Kylie Rocket, Manuel Ferrara, Michael Vegas and Isiah Maxwell. Kayden stitches together a tapestry of intense hardcore action, fanciful and expansive sets and top-shelf production values and the final product is a movie that is unique from anything else released this year. Goddess And The Seed also serves a powerful testament to Kayden Kross’ continued filmmaking mastery.

7. Hysteria (Wicked Pictures)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Hysteria

One of the brightest spots of Porn in 2022 was Stormy Daniels making her return to the director’s chair. After being away from the industry for several years, Hysteria was the first film that she helmed in several years. The wait was worth it. Anchored by strong showings from Aiden Ashley and Anna Claire Clouds, this twisted story packs a wallop that is nicely complimented by some blistering hardcore scenes. In fact, I have to say that Hysteria is probably one of the edgiest and most intense features that Stormy has ever written or directed.

6. Deranged (Wicked Pictures)

Deranged is the first feature film directed by Seth Gamble. And while some might expect that a first effort would be a bit rough around the edges or lacking in some way…this was not the case with this movie. No doubt enhanced by an all-star cast that featured such XXX heavyweights as Kenzie Taylor, Tommy Pistol, Jane Wilde and Derrick Pierce, Deranged also boasted a level of cinematography, lighting and overall production value that is rare in adult films in general. All of this, however, was secondary to the artful storytelling and intensely powerful hardcore scenes. So, yeah, I’d say Seth Gamble is off to a pretty good start as a feature XXX movie maker.

5. Revenge (Dorcel)

Revenge was among only a small handful of porn movies that I saw in 2022 worthy of repeated viewings. Featuring a cast of mostly European stars such as Cherry Kiss, Anissa Kate, Clea Gaultier and Anna Polina along with American XXX superstar Emily Willis, Revenge is centered around an edgy plot that’s at least as good as most things on Netflix and is helmed by the legendary Herve Bodilis. As is typical with features from Dorcel, this movie also features stunning production value and no shortage of exotic and high-end locations that give Revenge a rich feel that pairs exceptionally well with its blistering hardcore fuck scenes.

4. Sorrow Bay (Lust Cinema)

Anyone who’s surprised to see Casey Calvert’s Sorrow Bay featured on this Top 10 list likely hasn’t seen it. Because if they had, I don’t think that they’d have any question at all as to why this film is all the way up in the top five on the countdown. An all-girl XXX feature, Sorrow Bay comes correct with one of the most talent heavy casts of any Porn movie released in 2022, led by Victoria Voxxx in one of the best performances of her career. Casey Calvert’s storytelling and filmmaking have never been better than they are here. Sorrow Bay is both one of the most underrated and most exceptional adult films of the year.

3. Grinders (Adult Time)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Grinders

Set in the Nineties, Grinders serves up one of the most balanced couplings of scalding sex scenes and powerful stories of anything I saw over the whole of 2022. Ricky Greenwood has by now firmly established himself as one of the most gifted adult filmmakers currently working in the industry and this is one of his best works yet. While Maya Woulfe and Lucky Fate are the stars of the movie and both give strong showings, it’s actually Tommy Pistol who steals the show by giving what might very well be the most powerful performance of his career.

2. Stars (Adult Time)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Stars

In case you missed it, Jane Wilde was ranked by Die-Screaming as being the best female pornstar of 2022. Her performance in Stars, a movie based on her own life and which she co-directs with Bree Mills, was certainly a big part in her earning that top spot. The movie manages to mix superb scenes of hardcore action and moments that are as raw and electric as an exposed nerve. At the end of Stars, the audience is left with some pretty heavy thoughts that uneasily jostle around next to the satisfaction of having witnessed Jane Wilde also put on a hardcore clinic across three of the movie’s four XXX scenes.

1. Drift (Deeper)
10 Best Porn Movies of 2022 - Drift

Drift is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best porn movie of 2022. Kayden Kross is by this point the undisputed most talented filmmaker in Porn and I don’t even think it’s close. Drift, based on Maitland Ward’s recent memoir, is a breathless hardcore storm that lacks for nothing in production value, imaginative cinematography or XXX talent. In addition to the considerable talents of Maitland, Drift also features an incredible supporting cast that includes Violet Myers, Little Dragon, Mick Blue, Seth Gamble and Anton Harden. Drift is erotica taken to a level that few have either attempted or were even capable.

About this year’s Top 10 Best Porn Movies rankings…
I watched a LOT of porn in 2022. I’m talking over 100 adult movies of all genres. I say that because even though this is the ninth year that I’ve assembled these Top 10 Best Porn Movie rankings for Die-Screaming, it’s still a challenge whittling down the list to just ten. There were easily three times as many XXX-rated films that a reasonable person could argue deserve to be on this countdown but they just won’t all fit. And for every film that you add…you need to then take one away. Like I said, putting this list together is a challenge.

A few things that I’d like to mention…

I wasn’t paid by any studio, performer or director to add a movie to this list or rank it higher than I did.
I do include affiliate marketing links in this and other posts but I only get paid if someone buys something. The rankings you see up top are 100% based on my opinion.
The only movies that were considered to be included on this list were ones that were released at some point in 2022 and ones that I watched. And while I did watch a shit ton of smut this year, I absolutely didn’t see EVERY porn video that was released. Additionally, while some studios do occasionally send me movies to watch, I pay for nearly all of the porn that I consume.
What do you think?
No Top 10 list is perfect and neither is this one. That being said, I watched more smut than is probably safe for human consumption over the past 12 months and spent a whole lot of time considering which films to include on this countdown. I had notes and everything. Anyway, what I’m saying is that while not perfect, the rankings you see above are as solid as can be. I think, anyway.

But maybe you disagree. And that’s fine. Just add your own Top 10 rankings in the comments section below. Or don’t. Whatever.
