The 10 Best Porn Movies of 2023
January 6, 2024 by Dan C. 2 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest adult films of the year…
10. Missing | Dorcel

Missing, helmed by the legendary French director Herve Bodilis, is a prime example of the excellence we’ve come to expect from both him and Dorcel. The film features an all-star lineup of European XXX talent, with a cast led by Clara Mia and supported by Little Caprice, Zaawaadi, Little Caprice, and Tiffany Leiddi. Missing comes loaded with seven scorching hardcore scenes and has a level of production value that is second to none. Without question, this is one of the best pieces of Porn we saw in 2023.

9. The Wedding | Lust Cinema

The first of two Lust Cinema features on this Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2023 countdown, The Wedding brings together a terrific script, an insanely talented cast led by Dante Colle and Nicole Kitt, and is just an awesome watch from start to finish. Across the span of its 90-minute runtime, director Erika Lust crafts a couples-friendly adult film full of wit and heart, and that lacks nothing in XXX intensity. For their roles in The Wedding, Nicole Kitt and Dante Colle each earned well-deserved Best Acting nominations from AVN. This movie didn’t enjoy the same level of hype shared by many of the films on this countdown, but The Wedding is every bit as great as any of them.

8. Machine Gunner | Digital Playground

Ricky Greenwood, who is arguably the best director currently working in Porn and who helms four of the ten films featured on this list, described Machine Gunner as the most challenging movie he’s ever made. His efforts paid off nicely; Machine Gunner is an absolute adrenaline and sex-fueled romp. Led by Kira Noir (ranked by Die-Screaming as the best female pornstar of 2023), the cast featured in this movie is top-shelf across the board and delivers hardcore scenes that are absolute fire. If you can’t get excited for a movie that’s directed by Ricky Greenwood and bursting with machine guns, tits, and sweaty sex then you can just fuck right off.

7. Sally Mae: The Revenge of the Twin Dragons | AdultTime

Okay, so Sally Mae: The Revenge of the Twin Dragons was technically released in 2022. But it debuted on December 27th, which is close enough to 2023. The sequel to Sweet, Sweet Sally Mae (one of the 10 best Porn movies of 2020), The Revenge of the Twin Dragons sees Ana Foxxx return to one of the best roles of her career. Directed by Ricky Greenwood, whose name appears frequently on this countdown, Sally Mae: The Revenge of the Twin Dragons serves up four hardcore scenes across two and a half funky hours, spiked with lots of kung-fu, 70’s style blacksploitation cinematic soul, and super-big hair mixed in with great effect. Probably one of the most fun watches on this list, to be honest.

6. Feed Me | AdultTime

Another Ricky Greenwood porn movie? Yes, and also still not the last of his on this Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2023 countdown. Feed Me easily makes the cut as one of the year’s best, certainly thanks to Mr. Greenwood’s filmmaking talents but also to the masterful performances delivered by the film’s leads, Lulu Chu and Tommy Pistol. Lulu’s showing in Feed Me was hands down the best of her career and it’s impossible to watch this movie and not come away absolutely blown away by her talent. And it’s not just me who was impressed by this movie; Feed Me just earned a collective 17 XBIZ and AVN award nominations.

5. Space Junk | Digital Playground

Space Junk makes the Top 5 on this countdown because it’s an outstanding adult film but also because it showcases some of the most impressive use of CGI, costume and set design, and imagination. Xander Corvus was mesmerizing in his role as Dex and gifted us one of the best performances of his legendary and highly acclaimed career. The hardcore action in Space Junk ranks as some of the hottest of any XXX movie released in 2023 and has the three AVN Best Sex Scene nominations to prove it. All in all, Space Junk is an absolute gem of a Porn movie.

4. Primary Season 3 | Lust Cinema
10 Best Porn Movies of 2023 - Primary Season 3
Primary Season 3 will be at the top of many Porn critics’ 2023 Top 10 lists. Obviously, it didn’t get there on mine but that should in no way make anyone think less of this masterpiece. Seasons 1 and 2 of Primary were both included on previous Die-Screaming Best Porn Movie Top 10s and this third season is just as terrific as either of those previous installments. Directed by and starring Casey Calvert, whom I have endless amounts of respect for as both a performer and filmmaker, Primary Season 3 arguably has more heart and humanity than any other film released this year and I loved watching every second of it.

3. Reckless | Wicked Pictures

If you didn’t already believe that Seth Gamble was a hugely talented filmmaker, Reckless should make you a believer. The cast of the movie is loaded with superstar talent, featuring Ivy Wolfe, Mick Blue, Nicole Doshi, Kenzie Anne, Kenna James, and of course Seth Gamble. Along with all that on-screen talent comes some of the highest production value of any movie released in 2023 and a script that has just as much action in between the hardcore scenes as it does during them. Also, I have to shout out Axel Braun, who maybe had the best non-sex performances of the year.

2. More | Dorcel

If you’re wondering why Ricky Greenwood titled this movie “More“, go watch it and then you’ll understand. The film lives up to the meaning of the word in every possible way. From start to finish, the audience is jolted with intense sex scenes, an incredible lineup of some of the very best performers in all of Porn, and masterful cinematography. Everything about More is turned all the way up and the result is an adult film that immediately grabs your attention and doesn’t let go until it’s over and you’re sitting there with your mouth hanging agape and your heart beating like you just ran up the stairs. This film is electric.

1. Influence: Vanna Bardot | Tushy


Influence: Vanna Bardot is Die-Screaming’s pick as the best Porn movie of 2023. So much more than just a Vanna Bardot showcase film, this movie also brings to bear some of the best directing, cinematography, and production value that you’ll find in any XXX movie ever made. For her part, Vanna Bardot is transcendent and delivers the best performance of her career and one that should earn her at least one Performer of the Year trophy. Influence: Vanna Bardot is over four hours of some of the most outstanding adult cinema that you’ll see before you die.

About this year’s Top 10 Best Porn Movie rankings…
In 2023, I once again watched over a hundred Porn movies. Is that a dangerous level of smut consumption? Yeah, probably. But I mention it so that you understand that when I tell you the ten movies listed above were the best of 2023, I say that having a really, really solid understanding of what all was released throughout the year. Also, believe me when I tell you that for every movie that is included on this Top 10, there were at least two others that deserved to be included but simply couldn’t fit because ten is just too small of a number.

A few other things I’d like to mention…

I didn’t receive a single penny from any studio, director, or performer to include or leave off anything from this Top 10 list. The post does include some affiliate links that will make me money if you buy something, but I assure you I wasn’t in any way bribed. Probably because I’m not nearly important enough to bribe.
As I mentioned already, I watched a LOT of porn in 2023. However, if I hadn’t seen a movie, I didn’t consider it for this Top 10. It’s entirely possible that there was an XXX film made in 2023 that should have been on this list but isn’t only because I simply didn’t have the time to watch it.
While some studios and publicists do occasionally send me screeners of movies to watch, I purchase the vast majority of the movies that I consume. Please pay for your porn because doing so goes a long way to supporting this industry that we all love.
What do you think?
I know that this Top 10 Best Porn Movies of 2023 list isn’t perfect. No Top 10 list of any kind is. However, I’m extremely confident that the films listed above are absolutely the best of the year and I’ll stand by my selections. But maybe you disagree. Perhaps even vehemently so. That’s fine. Just leave your own Top 10 in the comments section below.
