The 10 Best Jordan Septo Porn Parodies
November 30, 2021 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest XXX parody movies from director Jordan Septo…
10. Laverne and Shirley XXX (2013) | DreamZone Entertainment
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Laverne and Shirley XXX

What kind of piss mad maniac would take the time to put together a Laverne and Shirley porn parody? Jordan Septo. The film is everything that we’ve come to know and love about Septo helmed movies, namely superstar casts and ridiculously terrible production value. That combination of cheese and XXX heat collides in all sorts of ridiculously fun ways. To that point, Laverne and Shirley XXX earned a collective 6 XBIZ and AVN award nominations.

9. OMG…It’s The Dirty Dancing XXX Parody (2013) | Paradox Pictures
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - OMG...It's The Dirty Dancing XXX Parody

OMG…It’s The Dirty Dancing XXX Parody is absolutely one of Jordan Septo’s best films. Nominated for a collective five AVN and XBIZ awards, the movie was certainly helped along by an absolutely killer cast of XXX superstars. Dani Daniels and Ryan Driller play the roles of Baby and Johnny Castle and are backed by the likes of Christie Stevens, Evan Stone and Seth Gamble. That, my filthy Internet friend, is a a lineup that can make any XXX film a hit.

8. Hairy Twatter (2012) | DreamZone Entertainment
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Hairy Twatter

Jordan Septo porn parodies often look like a bunch of college film students got drunk and slapped a film together on a $75 budget. Hairry Twatter is a prime example of that, for sure. However, it’s also a great example of another trait of Septo’s films; an impressive lineup of superstar talent. In this case, Seth Gamble stars as Hairy Twatter and leads a cast that includes the likes of Jesse Andrews, Katie St. Ives, Tara Lynn Foxx, Michael Vegas, Tyler Nixon and Logan Pierce. That combination of low production value and a cheesy plot acted out by some of the best talent in all of Porn helped this thing earn a 2013 Sex Award nomination for Adult Parody of the Year.

7. Xena XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody (2012) | Exquisite Films
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Xena XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody

Xena XXX stars Phoenix Marie in the title role along with Lexi Belle as Xena’s sidekick Gabrielle. That alone is probably enough to make this a Top 10 Jordan Septo parody but then you add in Chanel Preston, Julez Ventura, Tommy Gunn, Nicole Aniston, Tommy Pistol and Seth Gamble and we have ourselves a party. On top of that, with six hardcore scenes spread across nearly three hours, Xena XXX is also one of Septo’s lengthiest productions.

6. The Lone Ranger XXX: An Extreme Comixxx Parody (2013) | Extreme Comixxx
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - The Lone Ranger XXX: An Extreme Comixxx Parody

As I’ve mentioned a few times, Jordan Septo films aren’t usually known for their high-quality production. The Lone Ranger XXX is one of the few of his movies that was put together with a larger budget. The result? Well in addition to the usual solid lineup of hardcore talent that tend to be a staple of his films, the film also features an award-nominated soundtrack and an impressive Western setting and costumes. All of that helps make The Lone Ranger XXX one of Jordan Septo’s slickest productions and it has the 13 combined XBIZ and AVN award nominations to prove it.

5. OMG…It’s The Spice Girls XXX Parody (2012) | Juicy Entertainment
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - OMG...It's The Spice Girls XXX Parody

A Spice Girls themed porn parody? Fuck yeah. Jordan Septo’s low production budget/superstar cast of talent style of smut making is all over Spice Girls XXX. With a lineup of ladies that includes Dani Daniels, Jessie Rogers, Dani Jensen, Misty Stone and Allie Haze along with studs like Anthony Rosano, Seth Gamble, Evan Stone and Xander Corvus, this movie is loaded with some of the best performers the industry has to offer. Add in some fake British accents and bad lip syncing and Spice Girls XXX is easily a Top 5 Jordan Septo movie.

4. Rambone XXX: A DreamZone Parody (2014) | DreamZone Entertainment
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Rambone XXX: A DreamZone Parody

From beginning to end, Rambone XXX is just a really fun porn movie. Jordan Septo struck gold when he cast Bonnie Rotten in his Rambo parody, crafting a film that features nearly as many high-caliber guns as it does boobs. Rambone XXX also features several top shelf performers who are staples in Jordan Septo helmed movies, including Tommy Pistol and Phoenix Marie. The movie also earned a fair bit of critical acclaim, being nominated for the 2014 Inked Award DVD of the Year and a 2015 XBIZ Best Sex Scene nomination for Bonnie Rotten and Ryan McLane.

3. Zorro XXX (2012) | Pleasure Dynasty
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Zorro XXX

Zorro XXX is another Jordan Septo film that breaks his tradition of making low-budget cheese. The movie was so well put together that it garnered Best Parody nominations from AVN, NightMoves and XBIZ along with earning Mr. Septo a Director of the Year nod. And as usual, Septo still managed to assemble an all-star lineup of talent that includes Ramon Nomar, Brooklyn Lee, Tasha Reign, Gracie Glam, Tommy Gunn and Tom Byron.

2. American Dad XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody (2011) | Exquisite Films
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - American Dad XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody

American Dad XXX gives us everything that is good and great about a Jordan Septo porn movie. It features a cast of A-List talent that includes Evan Stone, Briana Banks, Tasha Reign, Xander Corvus, Andy San Dimas and Tommy Pistol. The costumes are hilariously terrible. Anthony Rosano is dressed up like a goddamn alien. And it features an aqua colored couch which seems like something that would be really hard to find. American Dad XXX is so bad that it’s actually great and arguably the best thing Jordan Septo ever did.

1. Tomb Raider XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody (2012) | Exquisite Films
10 Best Jordan Septo XXX Parodies - Tomb Raider XXX: An Exquisite Films Parody

Tomb Raider XXX is Die-Screaming’s pick for the number one best Jordan Septo porn parody of all time. A lot of that has to do with Chanel Preston and her incredible transformation into one of the sexiest damn versions of Lara Croft that has ever been created. Having a supporting cast of XXX legends like Dani Daniels, Evan Stone, Kagney Linn Karter, Nicole Aniston, Derrick Pierce and Anthony Rosano also helps. But more than anything, Tomb Raider XXX is a perfect example of corniness done stupidly good that very few have done better than Jordan Septo.

Who is Jordan Septo?
Jordan Septo is an American adult film director who is best known for creating hardcore parodies of some of the best known cartoons, television shows and movies. Much of his work has been done for studios such as Exquisite Films and DreamZone Entertainment. Between 2003 and 2015, Septo earned over a dozen major industry awards and is credited with helming about 175 XXX movies.

Septo’s style of pornography usually consists of low-production value sets and costumes combined with casts that include some of the very best hardcore performers. This mix results in films that are entertaining in the same way and for the same reasons as really bad Hollywood monster movies. What they lack in production budgets they more than make up for with heart and straight up fun.

What do you think?
What are your thoughts on my picks for the 10 best Jordan Septo porn parodies? I’m guessing that you probably disagree with everything. That’s fine. Just leave your own (probably inferior) Top 10 list in the comments below.
