The 10 Best PornFidelity Movies of All Time
August 22, 2022 by Dan C. 1 Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest PornFidelity XXX films ever made…
10. Dirty Creampies 3 (2013)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Dirty Creampies 3

Few partnerships in Porn have been as successful or as long-running as the between Kelly and Ryan Madison. Both are incredibly talented behind and in front of the camera and the smut that they produce is routinely of a higher quality than most anything else being crafted by any of their peers. Dirty Creampies 3 is a prime example of Ryan’s hardcore talents combined with Kelly and his technical expertise coming together to create as powerful of an all-sex fuckfest film as you’ll find anywhere. Having a cast that includes Romi Rain and Nicole Aniston just takes it over the top.

9. Dark Perversions Vol. 2 (2013)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Dark Perversions Vol. 2

PornFidelity is known for producing some of the hardest of hardcore smut of any US based studio (multiple performers have accused Ryan Madison of being abusive during PornFidelity shoots). Dark Perversions 2 delivers some of the most intense banging you’re likely to find in any adult film. The movie features an all-star cast that includes Bonnie Rotten and Casey Calvert and was nominated for the 2014 AVN Best Sex Boy/Girl Sex Scene award. Also, the Alena Croft/Kelly Madison/Ryan Madison threesome is one of the hottest scenes PornFidelity has ever crafted.

8. Cumgasm 2 (2012)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Cumgasm 2

Cumgasm 2 has to be considered one of PornFidelity’s ten best XXX movies. In addition to featuring the excellent performance and directing work of Kelly and Ryan Madison, the film also features the talents of Lisa Ann, Kagney Linn Karter and Angela White. From start to finish, Cumgasm 2 is absolute force of hardcore action that delivers scenes that routinely achieve dangerous levels of heat. It’s damn rare to find an all-sex release as epic as this movie and if you haven’t yet seen it then your life is incomplete.

7. Whiteroom (2012)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Whiteroom

There’s a lot to love about Whiteroom. The first installment of what would become a very popular series for PornFidelity, this movie serves up all of the things that fans have come to expect from the the studio. A top-notch cast that includes Anissa Kate and Andy San Dimas. Four hardcore scenes, three of which include anal creampies. And the hardcore talents of Ryan Madison. There really aren’t that many XXX films that hit as hard as this one, my friend.

6. 2:27:48 Real Time Sex (2016)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - 2:27:48 Real Time Sex

The premise behind 2:27:48 Real Time Sex is as weird as it is fascinating. The plot is basically watching Ryan Madison fuck his way through a house full of hot women, supposedly in real time, resulting in each of them getting topped off with a creampie all within the span of 2 hours 27 minutes 48 seconds. In addition to combining some very slick cinematography and editing, 2:27:48 Real Time Sex also features an cast of high-caliber starlets like Riley Reid, Marica Hase and Anna De Ville. The film earned multiple AVN award nominations, including Best Director and Best Anthology Movie.

5. For The Love of Brandi (2015)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - For The Love Of Brandi

Do you know what movie is the best-selling PornFidelity film of all-time? It’s For The Love Of Brandi. And it’s really not hard to understand why. I mean, Brandi Love routinely ranks as one of Die-Screaming’s Top 10 Best MILF Pornstars. So releasing an XXX showcase film that features Brandi in nine hardcore scenes (and one that’s just Ryan Madison fucking Kelly Madison for reasons that I don’t understand) that unfold across an epic six hours is a pretty foolproof way to sell a butt-ton of porn movies. Any PornFidelity movie collection is incomplete if For The Love Of Brandi isn’t part of it.

4. Up My Ass! Vol. 2 (2018)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Up My Ass! Vol. 2

Abella Danger is ranked by Die-Screaming as being one of the ten best female pornstars of the Twenty Tens. So having her star in a gonzo film that’s of as high a quality as Up My Ass! Vol. 2 along with fellow XXX superstars such as Markus Dupree, Holly Hendrix and Kendra Spade with director duties split between Ryan Madison and Andy Zane should be enough earn it your full attention. With very few exceptions, there really aren’t any other adult films that feature the level of production value and hardcore intensity as you’ll see in Up My Ass! Vol. 2.

3. Pump That Rump 4 (2012)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - Pump That Rump 4

There’s a few things that stand out about Pump That Rump Vol. 4 that make it stand apart from most other PornFidelity films. A lot of those reasons has to do with the caliber of the cast featured in this thing. Any time you serve up a movie that features Asa Akira, Chanel Preston and Eva Karera, you already have something special. Mix in a quality of cinematography that very few studios were investing in gonzo films back in 2012 and the directing/performance talents of Ryan Madison and Pump That Rump Vol. 4 very much deserves a spot on this top ten list.

2. A XXX (Documentary) (2018)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - A XXX (Documentary)

Best known for its all-sex gonzo offerings, PornFidelity had never done anything like A XXX (Documentary). In addition to being the rare offering from the studio that wasn’t directed by either Kelly or Ryan Madison, the movie is a docuporn that combines interviews with top stars like Chanel Preston, Michael Vegas, Ana Foxx, Small Hands and Lily LaBeau and intense hardcore action. A XXX (Documentary) went on to win the Gonzo Release of the Year trophies from AVN and XBIZ and helped re-set expectations about what we should expect from PornFidelity.

1. The Altar of Aphrodite (2017)
10 Best PornFidelity Porn Movies - The Altar of Aphrodite

The Altar Of Aphrodite is Die-Screaming’s pick as the best PornFidelity porn movie of all-time. By leaps and bounds, this film stands above everything that the studio produced before or since. Starring Angela White and featuring a supporting cast that includes Chanel Preston and Aiden Starr, The Altar of Aphrodite was ranked by Die-Screaming as being one of the 10 best Porn Movies of 2017. The film earned a mind-boggling combined 19 AVN and XBIZ award nominations, including Feature Movie of the Year, Best Actress and Best Cinematography. Easily the best thing PornFidelity ever crafted.

What do you think?
PornFidelity has been churning out XXX movies for the better part of two decades at this point and their catalogue of smut is massive. Have I seen every film the studio has made? No. Have I seen more than I can count and enough to make me confident that the ten movies you see listed above rank as PornFidelity’s best? Yes. I have.

You might disagree with my selections. And that’s fine. Just leave your own Top 10 list in the comments section below so that myself and the rest of the Internet can judge you.
