The 10 Best Brazzers Movies Ever Made
June 29, 2022 by Dan C. 1 Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Brazzers XXX films of all-time (so far)…
10. Real Wife Stories Vol. 9 (2011)
Best Brazzers Movies - Real Wife Stories Vol. 9

Real Wife Stories 9 kicks things off for us on this Top 10 Best Brazzers Porn Movies countdown. “From start to finish this DVD is amazing.” That’s what a reviewer for Xcritic had to say about the movie back in 2011. With a cast that included superstars such as Jenna Haze, Alexis Texas, Phoenix Marie and Rachel Starr, it’s hard to imagine Real Wife Stories 9 being anything less than amazing. Easily one of the most entertaining all-sex releases that Brazzers ever produced.

9. Hot And Mean 12 (2014)
Best Brazzers Movies - Hot And Mean 12

In addition to being one of Brazzers’ most popular series, Hot And Mean also happens to be one of the best ongoing Girl/Girl series in all of Porn. Hot And Mean 12 manages to stand apart thanks to a stellar lineup of hardcore starlets who perform every type of lesbian debauchery imaginable to each other across five intense scenes and 3 hours and 10 minutes. I mean, did you see the list of ladies who are in this joint? Dani Daniels, Madison Ivy, Bonnie Rotten, Julia Ann, Veronica Avluv and Alektra Blue just to name a few.

8. Brazzers Goes Black 3 (2019)
Best Brazzers Movies - Brazzers Goes Black 3

Brazzers isn’t known for its Black porn offerings. It is what it is. However, Brazzers Goes Black 3 absolutely deserves a spot on this list of Best Brazzers Movies. Start with the fact that the film features the talents of Ana Foxxx and you already have enough to get my attention. Throw in five hardcore scenes that are so amazing that the movie received an 2020 AVN award nomination for Best Interracial Production and Brazzers Goes Black 3 becomes something special even when measured against the hugely impressive Brazzers collection of dirty movies.

7. SMiLF (2014)


A few years ago, I wrote a post that named who I believe to be the four greatest MILF pornstars of all time. SMilF (stepmother I’d like to fuck) features two of those women; Lisa Ann and Julia Ann. Oh and it also includes Brandi Love and Nina Elle, both of whom are bad as shit. For anyone who is at all into Mom Porn, SMiLF is must-see material as it’s a classic in every sense of the word. If you die before you see this movie then you go directly to Hell.

6. BrazziBots (2019)
Best Brazzers Movies - BrazziBots

Brazzibots is everything that’s great about Porn. In addition to having an outstanding lineup of XXX all-stars that is led by Riley Reid and includes Abigail Mac, Nicolette Shea and Karma Rx, Brazzibots also has some elite-level production value. Seriously, AVN and XBIZ both nominated the film for Best Special Effects. Finally, the movie features a fun sci-fi story that is almost as entertaining as all of the incredible tits that we get to see repeatedly across five hardcore scenes.

5. Queen of Thrones (2017)
Best Brazzers Movies - Queen Of Thrones

Queen Of Thrones was nominated for a collective twelve XBIZ and AVN awards, including Best Parody, Feature Movie of the Year, Best Actor (Xander Corvus), Best Actress (Romi Rain) and Best Cinematography. Some people might question why a show that’s as edgy and full or nudity and sex like Game Of Thrones would even need a porn parody and Queen Of Thrones is a pretty good answer to that question.

4. Lust Bite (2011)
10 Best Brazzers Movies - Lust Bite

Vampires and Porn just go together like bacon and heart disease. What makes Lust Bite special is that this movie features the talents of Lisa Ann, Jessica Jaymes and Asa Akira and some super-amazing hardcore sex scenes. That would include a six person gangbang, which is likely more fucking than in the entire Twilight series of books and movies. Some of you might question how high I have Lust Bite ranked on this countdown and some of you have obviously never seen Jessica Jaymes as a goddamn vampire.

3. The Whore Of Wall Street (2014)  - Dani Daniels, Capri Cavanni, Monique Alexander, Xander Corvus, Mick Blue, Keiran Lee - 2014 - 1080p - done - 17.7gb - 3:22:38 

Did you know that Die-Screaming ranked Whore Of Wall Street as being one of the 10 best Dani Daniels porn movies ever made? Well…that happened. Ms. Daniels, who is very much one of the most talented and acclaimed women to ever have worked in Smut, performs in four of this flick’s five hardcore scenes and delivers one of the most impressive overall showings of her incredible career. It shouldn’t shock you to hear that Whore Of Wall Street also earned Best Parody nominations from AVN, XBIZ, XRCO and NightMoves. Simply put; This is a really, really good Porn movie.

2. Big Tits At Work (2007)
Best Brazzers Movies - Big Tits At Work

Above all else, Brazzers is all about huge boobs. When Big Tits At Work debuted back in 2007, it would launch what has become one of the most popular franchises Brazzers has ever released and has featured some of the most popular starlets in all of Smut. This first movie is a timeless classic, delivering to us the pleasure of seeing Nikki Benz, Gina Lynn and the late Shyla Stylez bursting out of their blouses. If I had to sum up what Brazzers porn is and what it looks like in one movie, it would be the original Big Tits At Work.

1. Brazzers House (2015)
Best Brazzers Movies - Brazzers House

Brazzers House is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Brazzers porn movie of all time (so far). To give you an idea of how over-the-top insane this film is, consider that it is composed of eleven hardcore scenes, nearly a dozen of the top XXX starlets, multiple double anal penetrations, creampies, a ten person orgy and it’s NINE hours long. If you watched the entire Brazzers House movie from start to finish in one sitting…you will die.

What do you think?
Being a disgustingly terrible porn blogger such as myself isn’t easy. It requires watching more porn than my brain can safely handle, late night writing sessions that are fueled by whiskey and long bouts of uncontrolled weeping. So believe me when I tell you that of all the Brazzers porn movies that have ever been released, the ten you see above are the very best of the best.

And you probably disagree. That’s fine. Just write your own stupid Top 10 list in the comments section below. Also, nobody reads the comments section.
