The 10 Best Digital Playground XXX Movies Ever Made
October 4, 2018 by Dan C. 4 Comments

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Digital Playground porn movies…
10. Code of Honor (2012)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Code of Honor

Code of Honor was just a really fun movie that followed a tried and true success formula; Cast Jesse Jane, Kayden Kross, Stoya and Riley Steele and have Robby D. direct the thing.  In this case, machine guns and Navy SEAL uniforms were added and all of that together is just too good of a thing to not have Code of Honor in this Top 10.

9. True Detective: A XXX Parody (2015)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - True Detective: A XXX Parody

While it might have been a parody, True Detective XXX was also a damn good feature film.  The movie was directed by Jakodema and featured solid hardcore and dramatic performances from both Abigail Mac and Ryan Driller.  True Detective also proved itself an absolute force at the awards shows, being nominated for 5 AVN Awards and winning a Best Actress trophy for Abigail Mac and a Best Director award for Jakodema at the 2017 XBIZ Awards.

8. Top Guns (2011)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Top Guns

A Top Gun porn movie?  That stars Digital Playground’s “Big 3” (Jesse Jane, Stoya and Kayden Kross)?  And features legit fighter jet footage?  Yes, please.  Top Guns also impressed the critics, scoring 11 AVN Award nominations and winning 2 XBIZ Awards.  That made it one of the most acclaimed XXX titles of 2011.

7. Apocalypse X (2014)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Apocolypse X

The Post-Jesse Jane/Kayden Kross/Stoya/Riley Steele era at Digital Playground had a lot of people wondering if the studio would ever be able to be the blockbuster juggernaut it had once been.  Apocalypse X, from director Jakodema, proved that DP still had some magic left in it and was able to deliver big-budget features.  The movie won 3 AVN Awards, was nominated for 9 more and was ranked by Die-Screaming as the #3 best porn movie of 2014.

6. Sisters of Anarchy (2014)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Sisters of Anarchy

Sisters of Anarchy was originally an eight-part mini-series that was released one episode at a time of Digital Playground’s premium site.  Directed by and starring Bonnie Rotten, Sisters of Anarchy was a huge success with both fans and critics and probably one of Bonnie Rotten’s absolute best performances of her career.  The series earned Ms. Rotten a Best Director and Best Actress AVN nomination and won Best Dramatic Parody at the 2015 NightMoves Awards.

5. Devon Stripped (2002)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Devon Stripped

Devon Stripped is one of the best-selling Digital Playground movies of all time and for good reason.  The film featured XXX superstars Devon and Ginger Lynn and had a sizzling plotline that made it one of the best hardcore features of the new Millenium.  To this day, Devon Stripped remains one of my favorite DP movies and was probably the film that first made me a fan of the studio.

4. Babysitters (2007)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Babysitters

In my opinion, Babysitters features two of the hottest Digital Playground scenes of all time.  The first is the absolutely jaw dropping Sasha Grey blowbang and the second being the Jesse Jane/Nikki Benz/Tommy Gunn threesome.  The entire movie is terrific, but those two scenes alone get Babysitters on this list.

3. Island Fever (2001)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Island Fever

Island Fever is a classic XXX movie and one that should be required viewing for anyone who claims to be any sort of porn fan.  The movie stars three of the industry’s most legendary starlets — Tera Patrick, Julia Ann and Briana Banks — and features some of the most stunning scenes you will ever see in any dirty movie.  If you haven’t seen Island Fever yet then yer basic.

2. Pirates 2: Stagnetti’s Revenge (2008)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Stagnetti's Revenge

A reasonable person might argue that Pirates 2: Stagnetti’s Revenge should be #1 on this list and I’d have a tough time arguing against it.  The truth is that this is one of those very rare times, in either mainstream or porn, that a sequel is just as good as the original…and the original just happens to be one of the best selling porn movies ever made.  On top of all that, Pirates 2 possibly has the best cast of XXX performers ever assembled in any movie ever.

1. Pirates (2005)
10 Best Digital Playground Movies - Pirates

Pirates is Die-Screamin’s choice for the #1 best Digital Playground movie of all time.  That shouldn’t really be a surprise.  Starring Jesse Jane, Evan Stone and Tommy Gunn in some of the best roles each of them has ever delivered, Pirates is one of the most groundbreaking (and best selling) porn films ever.  This movie is so goddamn good that I’m not even being dramatic when I say that if you could only watch one porn movie…it should be this one.

What do you think?
It’s impossible to try and fit just ten Digital Playground movies into this list and have it be perfect.  The truth is that in order to make room for each of the movies you see on this list, a whole bunch of other really good films had to be left off.  That being said, I do think the list I have here is as legit as you’re likely to find anywhere.

But if you disagree (and you probably do), feel free to leave your own Top 10 Best Digital Playground Movies list in the comments below.
