The 10 Best Jules Jordan Video Porn Movies
July 6, 2022 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the top ten greatest Jules Jordan Video films ever made (so far)…
10. Mandingo: Hide Your Wives (2011)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Mandingo: Hide Your Wives

Over the years, Mandingo has starred in several Jules Jordan Video series, enough so that I could probably do a Top 10 list of just those films. Mandingo: Hide Your Wives stands out as one of his best showing for Mr. Jordan. The film starred some of the most elite MILFs in the industry, including Julia Ann, Alanah Rae and Lisa Ann, featured the first interracial Nikki Sexx scene and won the 2012 Urban X trophy for Best MILF Release. For all of those reasons, Mandingo: Hide Your Wives needs to be included on this countdown.

9. Just Jenna (2010)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Just Jenna

Over the span of her career, both as a performer and as a director, some of Jenna Haze’s best work was released under the Jules Jordan Video banner. In fact, four of the ten best Jenna Haze porn movies of all-time are also included on this Top 10. Just Jenna is one of those films. This thing is an absolute masterpiece, featuring five hardcore and four solo scenes…all starring and directed by Jenna Haze.

8. Oil Overload (2008)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Oil Overload

Chris Streams’ Oil Overload has turned into a mini-empire within the Jules Jordan Video family, still going strong (Oil Overload 17 was just released a few months ago) over a decade since its debut. The original Oil Overload, however, still stands as the benchmark by which all of the series’ newer installments will be measured. The movie was epic in scope, weighing in at nearly five hours in length, featuring seven hardcore scenes and a cast that included XXX legends Jenna Haze, Gina Lynn, Alexis Texas, Gianna Michaels and Teagan Presley.

7. Ass Worship 11 (2009)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Ass Worship 11

Jules Jordan’s Ass Worship 11 is everything your guidance counselor warned you about. It’s loaded with unprotected sex, butt fucking, threesomes and even has a damn pentagram on the cover of the thing. What really sets this movie apart as something special, however, is it’s incredible lineup of hardcore starlets. Ass Worship 11 comes fully loaded, serving up the talents of Kristina Rose, Phoenix Marie, Sarah Vandella and her first anal scene and Lisa Ann performing a double penetration for the first time. Every time you watch this movie, all of your dead relatives up in Heaven weep for your soul.

6. Face Of An Angel…Mind Of A Devil (2015)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Face Of An Angel...Mind Of A Devil

After leaving her longtime Digital Playground home, Jesse Jane signed on with Jules Jordan Video and performed the hardest of hardcore scenes of her career. Face Of An Angel…Mind Of A Devil is the best of those movies and arguably the best of her career. The movie gifted us with the first-ever Jesse Jane anal scene and went on to earn Jules Jordan Best Director consideration from both AVN and XBIZ. And while its her anal scene with Mick Blue that gets all of the attention, Jesse Jane’s Girl/Girl romp with Anikka Albrite is possibly the best part of the movie.

5. Manuel Creampies Their Asses 3 (2015)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Manuel Creampies Their Asses 3

Manuel Ferrara might be an even better director than he is a performer and much of his best work both in front of and behind the camera has been done in Jules Jordan Video branded smut. In my opinion, Manuel Creampies Their Asses 3 is one of his best works. In addition to featuring his award-winning directing and hardcore skills in each of the movie’s four scenes, Manuel Creampies Their Asses 3 also features an insanely talented lineup of women. That group includes his real-life wife Kayden Kross along with superstars Megan Rain and Adriana Chechik.

4. The Gangbang Of Riley Reid (2017)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - The Gangbang Of Riley Reid

Riley Reid might be the most popular pornstar on Earth and The Gangbang Of Riley Reid is easily one of her best films. The movie features two gangbang scenes, one involving Riley getting pounded by eight guys and the other with nine dudes. That’s more sex than you will have in your entire life. A massive hit with both fans and critics, The Gangbang Of Riley Reid spent several weeks on Die-Screaming’s Best Selling Porn Chart and earned itself Performer Showcase Of The Year nominations from both XBIZ and AVN.

3. Flesh Hunter (2001)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Flesh Hunter

One of the fifty best-selling Porn movies of all-time, Flesh Hunter is an absolute classic and should be considered required viewing for anyone who is any sort of smut fan. The movie stars XXX superstars Aurora Snow and Jenna Haze along with strong showings from ladies such as Krystal Steal, Tommi Rose, Luna Lane and Kaylee. Flesh Hunter also firmly established Jules Jordan Video as one of the industry’s most elite studios and served notices that Jules Jordan was a force of nature as a director. This film also spawned a hardcore franchise that’s still alive today, with Flesh Hunter 15 being released just last year.

2. Angela White: Dark Side (2019)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Angela White: Dark SIde

Die-Screaming ranked Angela White as the best female pornstar of 2019. Her performance in Angela White: Dark Side played a part in that. The hardcore action featured in this joint was so extraordinary that critics were tripping over themselves to sing its praises and it went on to win four AVN awards, including Best Star Showcase and Best Director. Additionally, Die-Screaming ranked the movie as one of the ten best Angela White porn films ever made. From beginning to end, the XXX action is hot enough to leave blisters, comprised two gangbang scenes that involve a combined total of 23 dudes.

1. Jenna Haze Dark Side (2006)
Best Jules Jordan Video Movies - Jenna Haze Dark Side

Jenna Haze Dark Side is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Jules Jordan Video porn movie ever made. So far, anyway. Jenna Haze is one of the most talented XXX starlets of all time and Die-Screaming ranked her as being the best female pornstar of the 2000’s. So when I then tell you that Jenna Haze Dark Side is her best work, that should put this film’s greatness into proper perspective. The movie features eight hardcore scenes that include a five guy gangbang, a Girl/Girl with Tory Lane and five Boy/Girl pairings.

What do you think?
Listen, I’ve seen a massive amount of Jules Jordan Video produced Porn over the years…but I certainly haven’t seen it all. Not even close. But that being said, I’m confident that the ten films I’ve spotlighted above represent the studio’s best works. You probably disagree on at least some of those picks, however. And that’s fine. Just leave your own stupid Top 10 rankings in the sad, lonely comments section below.
