The 10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies Ever
July 6, 2017 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest AJ Applegate XXX films…
10. Squirt In My Face (2014) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Squirt In My Face

Of all the pornstars I write about for Die-Screaming, AJ Applegate holds a special place for me. One of the best hardcore performers in porn, AJ’s skill and sexual charisma is on full display in Squirt In My Face.  Her three-way scene with Ramon Nomar and Zoey Monroe is one of the hottest XXX things that you’ll find in any dirty movie and one of Ms. Applegate’s finest performances.

9. Anal Swinger Orgy (2015) | Evil Angel
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Anal Swinger Orgy

Anal sex and orgies are two of AJ Applegate’s strongest skillsets and in Anal Swinger Orgy, she does a whole lot of both.  In addition to having a killer cast of top-tier female talent, the action is directed by the real-life husband and wife team of Francesca Le and Mark Wood, two of the industry’s best butt sex specialists.

8. Girls Kissing Girls Vol. 17 (2015) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Girls Kissing Girls Vol. 17

Girls Kissing Girls 17 represents some of AJ Applegate’s best Girl/Girl work.  Her G/G/G threeome with Aidra Fox and Kenna James was so hot that it earned her an AVN Award nomination for Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene.  Hands down one of Ms. Applegate’s very best performances.

7. Internal Damnation 7 (2014) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Internal Damnation 7

Internal Damnation 7 features AJ Applegate performing a double creampie, taking loads of jizz in both her pussy and asshole from Ramon Nomar and Toni Ribas.  It’s one of the more intense performances ever recorded of Ms. Applegate and is required viewing for anyone claiming to be a hardcore fan of hers.

6. Rocco’s Coming In America (2013) | Evil Angel
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Rocco's Coming In America

Another of AJ Applegate’s more extreme performances, Rocco’s Coming In America sees her doing a G/G/B threesome with legendary cocksman Rocco Siffredi and Luna C. Kitsuen.  This is also one of the earlier scenes of AJ’s career and does an excellent job of showing why she was able to so quickly achieve superstar status within the industry.

5. Facialized (2014) | Hard X
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Facialized

While AJ Applegate is best known for her anal performances, Facialized makes it clear that she’s also a badass blowjob warrior.  The film sees her performing a 10 dude blowbang and the action is as insane as that sounds.  Anyone who claims to know anything about AJ Applegate porn and who hasn’t seen this movie is not to be trusted.

4. Ass Worship 14 (2013) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Ass Worship 14

What makes Ass Worship 14 so special and one of the top AJ Applegate XXX movies of all time?  Well, start with the fact that this is her first DP (double penetration) performance and then add in the fact that the action is directed by Jules Jordan, one of the masters of modern porn.

3. AJ’s Angels (2016) | ArchAngel Productions
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - AJ's Angels

Not only did AJ Applegate star in every scene in AJ’s Angels, but she also co-directed it along with Mimefreak.  The film features AJ in four all-girl scenes and performing with some of the very best Girl/Girl starlets in the industry.  And if all of that wasn’t enough to make this one of her best movies of all time, AJ’s Angels was also nominated for Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene at the 2017 AVN Awards. Her performance here also helped earn AJ Applegate a spot on Die-Screaming’s Top 10 best female pornstars of 2016 countdown.

2. Gangbang Me (2014) | Hard X
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - Gangbang Me

Gangbang Me is one of the raunchiest and most action packed AJ Applegate porn movies ever made.  In this movie, she performs her first gangbang, her first DV (double vaginal) and DAP (double anal penetration) scenes.  She literally has more sex with more men at one time than some women have…IN THEIR ENTIRE LIVES.  Oh, and the movie also won Best Group Sex Scene at the 2015 AVN Awards.

1. The Booty Queen Vol. 2 (2016) | ArchAngel Productions
10 Best AJ Applegate Porn Movies - The Booty Queen Vol. 2

Yup.  The Booty Queen Vol. 2 is the very best AJ Applegate porn movie of all goddamn time.  The movie features Ms. Applegate in four hardcore scenes performing almost every kind of depraved sex act you can imagine and represents the first time she gets DP and anal from black dudes.  Highly regarded by both fans and critics, The Booty Queen Vol. 2 was nominated for two AVN Awards.  If you see only one AJ Applegate porn movie in your life, it should be this one.
