The 10 Best BOBBI STARR Porn Movies
August 4, 2015 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Bobbi Starr XXX films…
10. Big Wet Asses 13 (2008) | Elegant Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Big Wet Asses 13

For anyone who isn’t already aware, Bobbi Starr is one of the hardest of hardcore performers to ever do Porn. In her scene in Big Wet Asses 13, Bobbi puts that talent on full display in her scene with co-star Steve Holmes. That effort didn’t go unappreciated as Big Wet Asses 13 won three 2009 AVN trophies, including Best Big Butt Release and Best Big Butt series. And while this is certainly one of Bobbi Starr’s most impressive anal scenes, she certainly had even harder performances…many of which are included in the films listed further down on this countdown.

9. Dark Meat 2 (2007) | Evil Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Dark Meat 2

Anyone who knows anything about good smut will tell you that Belladonna made some of the very best. As both a performer and a director, she routinely served up XXX scenes that were so outrageous that most normal people would probably die if they tried imitating it. Add Bobbi Starr to that mix and now you’ve got something that can melt steel. Dark Meat 2 has Bobbi doing all of the sex stuff with scene partner Rico Strong. Maybe not one of Bobbi’s best known performances but certainly one of my favorites.

8. Prison Girls (2011) | Elegant Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Prison Girls

For as good and hard as Bobbi Starr can fuck the snot out of dudes, she might be even better and fucking ladies. In Prison Girls, Bobbi puts on a Girl/Girl sex clinic in her scene with Lily LaBeau. This whole movie was fire but Bobbi’s prison lesbian sex scene stands out. She and Lily were both nominated by AVN for Best Girl/Girl Sex Scene and the movie won the trophy for Best Vignette Release. If you haven’t yet seen Prison Girls then your life is a shitty black hole of sadness.

7. Anal Cavity Search 6 (2008) | Jules Jordan Video
Best Bobbi Starr Movies - Anal Cavity Search 6

You know that you’re in for something over the top when “Drill, Baby, Drill!” is plastered on the front of a movie titled Anal Cavity Search 6. Directed by Erik Everhard and featuring a cast that is absolutely loaded with superstar talent (Jenna Haze, Sasha Grey, Lisa Ann, etc.), Anal Cavity Search 6 is a prime example of what makes Bobbi Starr so incredible. In her scene, Bobbi gets hammered by three dudes at once and puts all of her sex holes to full use. By the end of the scene, she’s covered in semen, sweat and spit and your mouth is hanging open in disbelief at what you just witnessed.

6. Bobbi Starr and Dana DeArmond’s Insatiable Voyage (2009) | Jules Jordan Video
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Bobbi Starr and Dana DeArmond's Insatiable Voyage

Individually, Dana DeArmond and Bobbi Starr are some of the wildest hardcore performers alive. But when they team-up for a joint showcase film? You should probably put on some protective gear and consult a doctor before you sit down to watch Bobbi Starr and Dana DeArmond’s Insatiable Voyage. This epic piece of smut consists of six hardcore scenes and is capped off by Bobbi and Dana getting gangbanged by ten men. Bobbi Starr has more sex in this single movie than the population of some states will have in a year.

5. Gangbanged (2011) | Elegant Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Movies - Gangbanged

While Lisa Ann might get top billing on Gangbanged (it was her first gangbang scene, to be fair), Bobbi Starr was the real star of this joint. For her scene, Bobbi hooked up with seven men and performed the very first double-anal of her career. Gangbanged went on to win the 2012 Best Orgy/Gangbang Release trophy and Bobbi Starr and all of her co-stars were nominated for Best Group Sex Scene. Sadly, Lisa Ann was nominated for shit for her scene.

4. Scooby Doo: A XXX Parody (2010) | New Sensations
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Scooby Doo: A XXX Parody

Of all the pornstars that I’ve written about over the years, Bobbi Starr remains one of my favorites. Her performance in Scooby Doo: A XXX Parody serves as a pretty good explanation as to why. In this movie, where she plays the part of Velma, Bobbi stars in three of the film’s five hardcore scenes in addition to a solo scene. For many Bobbi Starr fans, Scooby Doo: A XXX Parody tops their list as their favorite of her movies and it’s really hard to argue with that opinion because she is absolutely incredible in it from start to finish.

3. Bobbi’s World (2011) | Evil Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Bobbi's World

Did you know that Bobbi Starr is also a highly acclaimed director? Between 2011 and 2014, Bobbi helmed 22 hardcore films, most of which were released under the Evil Angel banner. Bobbi’s World represents one of her best overall performances both in front of and behind the camera. She performs in each of the movie’s six hardcore scenes and also in the DVD bonus scene. Bobbi’s World received multiple award nominations and was the winner of the 2012 AVN Best All-Sex Release trophy.

2. Bobbi Loves Boys (2011) | Evil Angel
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - Bobbi Loves Boys

Released in late 2011, Bobbi Loves Boys remains one of Bobbi Starr’s most impressive hardcore works and probably also the very best of all the movies that she herself directed. The film is comprised of six hardcore scenes, all of which Bobbi stars in, and includes two gangbangs. Critics also loved the film; It landed multiple award nominations and helped Bobbi earn Director of the Year nods from both XBIZ and AVN. If anyone ever attempts to tell you that Bobbi Starr isn’t one of the most over-the-top hardcore pornstars of all-time, just sit them down and show them what she did in Bobbi Loves Boys and that will shut them the fuck up.

1. The Truth About O (2012) | Adam & Eve
Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies - The Truth About O

In case anyone thought that Bobbi Starr winning the 2012 AVN Female Performer of the Year trophy was some sort of fluke, she followed that up with the best overall performance of her career in The Truth About O. Directed by Ernest Greene, the film has Bobbi Starr leading a cast of XXX-superstars while serving up intense hardcore action and impressive dramatic acting. Her scene with James Deen and Asa Akira earned a Most Outrageous Sex Scene nod and the film itself earned AVN nominations for Best Drama. On top of that Bobbi also received multiple Best Actress nominations for her role. The Truth About O is easily the very best Bobbi Starr movie ever made.

What do you think?
While I haven’t seen every one of Bobbi Starr’s 850-plus XXX movies, I have watched a whole bunch of them. Being a dirty porn blogger means that’s what I do. So I’m pretty confident that my Top 10 Best Bobbi Starr Porn Movies rankings up above are solid. However, you might disagree. Which is fine. Just leave your own (probably inferior but whatever) rankings in the comments section below.
