The 10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies (So Far)
February 3, 2022 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Chloe Cherry XXX films…
10. Anal Cuties Vol. 5 (2016) | Hard X
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Anal Cuties Vol. 5

Kicking things off on this Top 10 best Chloe Cherry porn movie countdown, we have Anal Cuties Vol. 5. I should point out that you’ll see Chloe’s name listed as “Chloe Couture” on the box cover for this movie and a few others further down the list. This was her original stage name but she changed it around 2017. Anyway, her scene in Anal Cuties Vol. 5 is noteworthy for being a terrific example of Chloe’s elite hardcore skills. She’s also done a fair bit of work with Mason (who directed this) and I think this is absolutely one of their better collaborations.

9. Reform School Girls Vol. 2 (2018) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Reform School Girls Vol. 2

Anyone who has watched even a little bit of Chloe Cherry porn knows that her Girl/Girl talents are very impressive. In Reform School Girls Vol. 2, directed by the great Dana Vespoli, Chloe is paired up with legendary MILF performer Brandi Love and the result is one of the best lesbian sex scenes of Chloe’s career. As an added bonus, the lineup of women featured in each of this movie’s other three scenes are absolute fire. You really can’t go wrong with this one.

8. Tushy Raw V8 (2019) | Tushy
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Tushy Raw V8

If you didn’t already know that Chloe Cherry is really good at performing butt stuff scenes…she is. For evidence of this, just go watch her scene in Tushy Raw V8. It’s directed by Derek Dozer, features Tushy’s always ultra-high production values and has Chloe taking Kai Taylor’s dick up her ass and in all of her other holes for your and my viewing pleasure.

7. Lesbian Analingus 11 (2017) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Lesbian Analingus 111

The second Dana Vespoli directed film on this list, Lesbian Analingus 11 is arguably Chloe Cherry’s best Girl/Girl performance. In her scene with Mona Wales, Chloe delivers a clinic on all of the ways a person can use their tongue to pleasure a woman. From start to finish, this scene is a scorcher that features two incredibly talented female performers doing their thing while under the direction of one of the most talented directors in the XXX industry.

6. Pleasureville (2018) | Digital Playground
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Pleasureville

As evidenced by her recurring role as Faye in HBO’s hit show Euphoria, Chloe Cherry has some serious dramatic acting chops. And while her role in Pleasureville doesn’t showcase the same intensity that she gives us on Euphoria, this movie does make good use of both Chloe’s hardcore and acting talents. While she personally wasn’t nominated for any awards for her role, her performance absolutely elevated the Pleasureville and helped it receive a 2019 AVN nomination for Best Parody.

5. Slut Auditions (2016) | Evil Angel
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Slut Auditions

Chloe Cherry’s anal abilities are top-tier and there isn’t anyone in the business better at making anal-themed porn than director/performer Mike Adriano. All of that results in Slut Auditions making the Top 5 in this countdown of the best Chloe Cherry smut. In a scene that spans more than an hour, Mike and Chloe engage in pretty much every form of sex that you can imagine and possible a few that you can’t until you’ve seen it done.

4. Baddies Vol. 4 (2021) | Blacked
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Baddies Vol. 4

Another Derek Dozer directed film, Baddies Vol. 4 features Chloe Cherry partnered up with Sly Diggler. The resulting romp features a level of intensity that has to be considered among Chloe’s best efforts. A big reason this series won the 2022 AVN Vignette Series of the Year trophy was the blistering hardcore action that Derek Dozer is able to capture with his camera and that’s served up by starlets of Chloe Cherry’s caliber. If you haven’t yet seen this movie then you are dumb.

3. DP Me Vol. 10 (2019) | Hard X
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - DP Me Vol. 10

If you thought that Chloe Cherry was good at taking a single dick, you need to see what she can do with two. That’s the premise behind DP Me Vol. 10, the second Mason helmed film on this list. In her scene, Chloe is double-stuffed by Mick Blue and Ramon Nomar and both of those guys were included in Die-Screaming’s Top 10 list of Best Male Pornstars for 2021. DP Me Vol. 10 is certainly one of Ms. Cherry’s best hardcore showings and should be considered “required viewing” for anyone who claims to be a fan of hers.

2. Blind Surprise (2018) | Pure Taboo
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Blind Surprise

Blind Surprise probably represents Chloe Cherry’s most powerful role of her career thus far and she has the 2019 AVN Best Actress award nomination to prove it. Partnered with the always terrific Ricky Johnson, Chloe helps bring to life an incredibly twisted story that will likely leave most viewers shook. Probably better than any of her other work, Blind Surprise gives us the most complete look at what makes Chloe such a special talent. As an additional note, if you are looking to get this on DVD or streaming, you actually have to pick up Pure Taboo’s Mail Order as they package Blind Surprise with that as a “B side”.

1. Please Creampie Me! (2018) | Evil Angel
10 Best Chloe Cherry Porn Movies - Please Creampie Me!

Please Creampie Me! is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Chloe Cherry porn movie of all time. So far, anyway. Directed by Aiden Starr and co-starring the hugely talented Owen Gray, the movie is a hardcore force of nature that is an unrivaled example of Chloe’s XXX abilities. If anyone ever questions why Chloe Cherry is such a popular performer both with fans and critics, just show them her scene in this flick and that should be enough to address their concerns.

What do you think?
In doing what I do, I’ve seen a lot of Chloe Cherry’s porn over the years. With that in mind, I’m fairly confident that the ten movies you see listed up above are the best of her career thus far. You, a random weirdo from the Internet, probably disagree. And that’s fine. Just leave your own (probably inferior) Chloe Cherry Top 10 list in the comments below.
