The 10 Best CHRISTY CANYON Porn Movies
June 16, 2021 by Dan C. 1 Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Christy Canyon XXX films…
10. Gang Bangs (1985) | VCR
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Gang Bangs
Gang Bangs gets things started off for us. While actually tracking down a copy of this film, originally distributed by VCR, is something of a feat…it’s certainly worth it. The movie features Christy Canyon in a five-guy gangbang and is directed by the legendary director (and Evil Angel founder) John Stagliano. In addition to Christy’s scene, Gang Bangs also features showings from such legendary performers as Nina Hartley, Peter North and Tom Byron.

9. Passages (1991)
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Passages
Passages is an underrated Christy Canyon porn film but one that I think deserves to be included on this Top 10. A four-hour romp that’s helmed by Paul Thomas, Passages sees Christy performing a B/G in the opening scene and a solo show a bit later in the movie. And while others may point to some of the Passages sequels as featuring more of Ms. Canyon than this one, it was the success of this first film that helped make the franchise a hit for Vivid in the early Nineties.

8. Where the Boys Aren’t 7 (1995) | Vivid
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Where The Boys Aren't
While Christy Canyon did a fair bit of Girl/Girl work throughout her career, Where The Boys Aren’t 7 is easily one of her very best. The movie is absolutely loaded with star power that features a lineup of ladies that is just incredible. Christy performs in two of the film’s five scenes. Over the course of those two scenes, we get to see Christy Canyon do lesbian sex stuff with such starlets as Julia Ann, Asia Carrera, Jenna Jameson and Janine.

7. Sore Throat (1986) | VCX
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Sore Throat
Another under appreciated Christy Canyon classic, Sore Throat is a movie that can’t be left off this count down. Directed by Ron Jeremy, the film is fast-paced XXX suck and fuck fest. For her part, Christy Canyon is partnered up with Robin Cannes and Blake Palmer for a very entertaining G/G/B threesome that ranks as one of the highlights of this flick. If you can get your hands on a copy of Sore Throat, it’s definitely worthy of being added to any respectable porn collection.

6. Dirty Shary (1984) | Vidco Entertainment
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Dirty Shary
Christy Canyon in a Dirty Harry parody? Yup! Dirty Shary features an 18 year old Christy Canyon delivering an early performance that would help make her one of the most popular XXX starlets of all time. Dirty Shary is directed by Harold Lime and features Christy is both the opening and closing scenes of the film, paired once with Steve Drake and then Dan T. Mann. If you can’t make time for an XXX-rated Dirty Harry spoof then you can just go right over there and fuck off.

5. WPINK TV (1984) | Paradise Visuals
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - WPINK TV
WPINK TV is another of Christy Canyon’s early movies, shot during her first year in porn when she was still just a teenager, that helped set the stage for her rocket ride towards superstardom. The film features several impressive hardcore Christy Canyon scenes, ranging from a one-on-one with Ron Jeremy to a full blown eight person orgy. Additionally, WPINK TV is also one of the most entertaining of any featured on this list thanks in large part to it’s wild plot and excellent cast that features XXX GOATs like John Holmes, Peter North and Harry Reems.

4. I Like To Be Watched (1984) | Vidco Entertainment
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - I Like To Be Watched
For fans of Christy Canyon’s Girl/Girl performances, I Like To Be Watched should be considered “must see” material. The movie has Christy paired up with a variety of starlets across the film and has her appearing in damn near every scene. Directed by Michael Carpenter, I Like To Be Watched features scenes that are some of Christy’s first XXX performances and yet also still considered some of the hottest of her career.

3. Treasure Chest (1985) | Gourmet Video Collection
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - Treasure Chest
Treasure Chest is easily one of the very best Christy Canyon porn movies ever made. The film is essentially a showcase movie for Christy, as she stars in all but one of the movie’s six hardcore scenes. One of the things that makes Treasure Chest so fantastic is that it delivers such a wide variety of XXX performances from Ms. Canyon. In her five scenes, Christy does everything from a Girl/Girl/Girl threesome to a pairing with Tony Montana to G/G/B threesome with Angel West and Greg Rome.

2. You Make Me…Wet (1985) | Vidco Entertainment
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - You Make Me...Wet
You Make Me…Wet is a classic XXX movie that brings together an incredible cast, solid direction from Michael Carpenter (credited as Michelle Carre) and an expansive number for Christy Canyon hardcore scenes. Another of her early films, You Make Me…Wet was filmed while Christy was 19 years old and released in her first full year in Porn. Across five scenes and despite her young age, Christy puts on a clinic that should leave no doubt as to why this lady remains to this day so hugely popular with smut fans.

1. A Portrait of Christy (1990) | Vivid
10 Best Christy Canyon Porn Movies - A Portrait of Christy
A Portrait of Christy is Die-Screaming’s choice for the best Christy Canyon porn movie of all time. Directed by the legendary Paul Thomas, the movie was ranked by AVN as being one of the 500 Best Porn Movies of All Time. Filmed after Christy signed on with Vivid as a contract star, the movie is unrelenting in it’s delivery of one sizzling scene after another. Christy Canyon has performed in a whole buttload of great porn videos over the years but none rival the level that she achieved with A Portrait of Christy.

About this Top 10 list…
Christy Canyon is a legit Porn legend and I’ve ranked her as one of the 10 Best Female Pornstars of the Eighties. I’ve watched a LOT of her movies. But, hey, I will readily admit that I haven’t seen them all (some have been discontinued for years and are damn near impossible to find even on VHS). The rankings that you see above are based 100% on Christy Canyon films that I’ve actually watched. It’s very possible there’s a Christy Canyon joint that deserves to be on this list but if I didn’t see it…it ain’t on here for that reason.

Also, there are dozens of Christy Canyon compilation movies out there. Those haven’t been included, either. Because intellectual smut bloggers such as myself don’t rank compilation videos, sir.

What do you think?
Putting together any kind of Top 10 list always invites controversy as they’re impossible to get perfect. This is especially true when it comes to trying to rank the ten best Christy Canyon porn movies because she’s performed in over 300 of them. So trying to narrow those down to just ten means that a whole bunch of really good films are going to be left out. That being said…I’m pretty sure the Top 10 rankings you see above are rock solid.

You disagree. I know this because that’s what people do when they read Top 10 lists written by someone other than themselves. And that’s fine. Just jot down your own ten best Christy Canyon XXX flicks in the comments below so the rest of us can judge you.
