The 10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies
June 15, 2023 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming counts down the ten greatest Elsa Jean XXX films…
10. Best New Starlets 2017 (2017) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Best New Starlets 2017

Elsa Jean has always excelled at performing Girl/Girl scenes and one of her best such performances is her showing in Best New Starlets 2017. Along with her scene co-stars Melissa Moore and Adria Rae, Elsa puts on a lesbian sex clinic. So hot was their threesome that it won the 2018 AVN Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene trophy. The fact that this film only came in at number ten on this Top 10 countdown should give you a pretty good idea about how incredible this lady is at doing sex stuff.

9. Black And Blonde (2017) | Elegant Angel


Weighing in at about 95 pounds and standing just 5 foot 3, Elsa Jean is only slightly larger than Prince Yahshua’s dick. That doesn’t stop her from using her scene in Black And Blonde to force it into her holes for nearly 30 minutes. Anyone who’s never seen Elsa in action needs to watch her work her ASAP as it’s an excellent showcase for her talents and should instantly make anyone a fan of her hardcore charisma.

8. Oiled Up 5 (2018) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Oiled Up 5

In Oiled Up 5, we get yet another Elsa Jean and Prince Yahshua pairing. And with the action helmed by the veteran pornographer Pat Myne, the result is a hardcore bonanza that also includes obscene amounts of baby oil. The end result is Elsa getting the holy snot fucked out of her by a cock large enough to be used as an effective weapon in a bar fight. Another terrific example of the ferocious hardcore skills that Elsa manages to keep wrapped up in a petite little blonde haired package.

7. Excess (2020) | Deeper
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Excess

There’s a whole lot to love about Excess, especially if you are any kind of Elsa Jean fan. For starters, her scene co-stars Riley Steele and Jax Slayher (ranked by Die-Screaming as one of the 10 best male pornstars of 2021, btw) in a very spicy Girl/Girl/Boy threesome. On top of that, the film is directed by Kayden Kross and she just happens to be the best goddamn director currently working in Porn. And, oh yeah, because this is a Deeper porn movie, the production value is amazing. Finally, if you needed any additional convincing, Excess also won the 2021 AVN Award for Best Group Sex Movie.

6. Tushy Raw V22 (2021) | Tushy
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Tushy Raw V22

Guess what? Elsa Jean is really, really good at doing butt stuff. Proof of that can be found in her Tushy V22 scene, in which she’s paired up with Oliver Flynn (a Top 10 Best Male Pornstar of 2022, no big deal). The heat generated for the work that Elsa puts in over the span of her time in this flick is hot enough to melt cold steel. She does everything from bounce menacingly on a dick, get rammed repeatedly up her ass, to shoving a fresh-out-of-her-butt dick all the way down her throat.

5. Talk Derby To Me (2018) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Talk Derby To Me

Talk Derby To Me was nominated for a collective 19 AVN and XBIZ awards in 2019. And while Elsa Jean only had one scene in the movie, oh boy was it a good one. For just over 30 minutes, we get to watch Elsa have sex with Joanna Angel. That alone makes Talk Derby To Me worth the price of admission but with a cast that also includes Stoya, Gia Paige, Katrina Jade, and Sovereign Syre, it’s should come as no surprise that Die-Screaming ranked this film as one of the 10 best porn movies of 2018.

4. Cum Inside Me Vol. 2 (2015) | Blacked
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Cum Inside Me Vol. 2

If you follow Elsa Jean on Twitter, you know that she kind of has a thing for having dudes cum inside of her. Well, in Cum Inside Me Vol. 2 you get to see it being done to her. The dude giving it to her is Jason Brown and he’s never boring to watch. The reason Cum Inside Me Vol. 2 lands so high on this countdown has everything to do with the intensity of their scene, the truly impressive production value, and the directing work of Blacked founder Greg Lansky.

3. Becoming Elsa (2018) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Becoming Elsa

In case you had any notion that Elsa Jean isn’t an absolute superstar and an all-around hugely talented performer, I present to you the XXX masterpiece that is Becoming Elsa. Her showing in this movie earned Elsa a pair of XBIZ Award nominations; Best Actress and Best All-Girl Sex Scene. A coming of age story that actually has nothing to do with Elsa Jean’s real life, Becoming Elsa is also notable for being the sophomore hardcore directorial effort of Ricky Greenwood.

2. Girls That Like Girls (2017) | Digital Sin
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Girls That Like Girls

Why is Girls That Like Girls ranked number two on this Top 10? Because it’s Elsa Jean having sex with Riley Reid. Duh. And, yes, that scene is as hot as you think. It earned Elsa Best a All-Girl Sex Scene nod from XBIZ and also helped put the movie itself in the running for Best All-Girl Release of the Year. Each of these women are incredible Girl/Girl performers so having them doing lesbian sex stuff together in their prime is just perfection.

1. Influence (2020) | Tushy
10 Best Elsa Jean Porn Movies - Influence

Influence is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Elsa Jean porn movie ever made. And, really, I don’t think it’s even close. Released shortly before Elsa announced that she was quitting mainstream porn, Influence features Elsa in each of its five hardcore scenes and gives us her very first anal scene. The film earned a collective 15 major award nominations and won the trophies for Best Star Showcase (XRCO), Vignette Movie of the Year (XBIZ), and Best Girl/Girl Sex Scene (AVN). And Die-Screaming ranked it as being one of the ten best porn movies of 2020. If you only see a single Elsa Jean porn movie before you die, please make sure it’s Influence.

What do you think?
Over the span of her career, Elsa Jean performed in nearly 750 hardcore videos. Admittedly, I haven’t seen every single one of them…but I’ve seen most. So while I won’t argue that the list of her ten best films that I’ve assembled above is perfect, I think it’s as close to perfect as anyone can get with it. If you disagree, that’s fine. Just leave your own rankings in the comments section below.
