The 10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies (so far)
February 17, 2022 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Eva Elfie XXX films…
10. 10x Big Boobs Tiny Teens (2020) | Club Seventeen
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - 10x Big Boobs Tiny Teens

Kicking off things for us in this Top 10 Eva Elfie best porn movie countdown, we have Club Seventeen’s 10x Big Boobs Tiny Teens. I should also point out that for most of the movies on this list, she’s credited as “Tiny Teen” on the box art. That was her stage name before she formally switched it to “Eva Elfie”. As for this movie here, 10x Big Boobs Tiny Teens features Eva performing one of her better solo shows. For fans that are strictly looking to see her in hardcore action, you’ll have to wait until we come to the number eight movie on the countdown.

9. Me Myself & I Vol. 2 (2021) | Babes
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Me, Myself & I Vol. 2

Me Myself & I is the second (and final) movie on this list to feature Eva Elfie doing solo stuff. While I understand a lot of porn connoisseurs are only interested in hardcore smut, the showing Eva delivers in this film is terrific enough that everyone should be able to appreciate it. I mean, this is one of the sexiest ladies on Earth touching her naked body in all sorts of ways for your viewing pleasure. If you can’t make time for that then I feel sorry for you, my friend.

8. Young Busty Teensters (2021) | Club Seventeen
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Young Busty Teensters

Once again credited as “Tiny Teen” on the box cover, Young Busty Teensters is the first hardcore Eva Elfie movie featured on this Top 10. In her 26 minute scene, Eva puts on a show that includes her not only sucking dick and getting fucked but also pushing her very impressive 32C boobs together and performing what may be the best titty-fuck of her career. If you consider yourself to be any sort of Eva Elfie fan then you need to see this movie.

7. Dirty Euro Babes (2020) | Teen Mega World
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Dirty Euro Babes

If you have any question in your mind as to why Eva Elfie is (as of this writing) ranked as the number three most popular pornstar on Pornhub or why a few months ago I said that she was “making Porn her bitch”, then you probably should sit down and watch Dirty Euro Babes. It features Ms. Elfie performing a scorcher of a scene and is a perfect representation of what makes this lady so incredible. Once you see her in action, it’s almost impossible to look away.

6. True Amateurs: Blondes Edition (2020) | True Amateurs
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - True Amateurs Blondes Edition

When I put together the Top 10 Hottest Russian Pornstar rankings back in 2016, Eva Elfie wasn’t included on that list. But just based on her XXX performance in True Amateurs: Blondes Edition, she will be added and will, I assure you, rank very well on that countdown. While her scene in this flick is only 17 minutes long, it involves Eva getting the holy snot fucked out of her in a kitchen, is well-shot and is absolutely one of the hottest things that she’s ever done.

5. Explore My Pussy (2020) | Teen Mega World
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Explore My Pussy

I don’t think Eva Elfie only performs hardcore Boy/Girl scenes with Adam Ocelot, but I can tell you that at least most of her work features him as a co-star. In Explore My Pussy, Adam (who’s possibly explored Eva’s pussy more times than any other person alive) and Eva Elfie put on another very impressive showing. The chemistry that these two have with each other jumps off the screen and Explore My Pussy is just a really excellent expression of Eva Elfie at her very best.

4. Teens, Tushies & Tits (2020) | Club Seventeen
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Teens, Tushies & Tits

It’s very cold in Siberia and that is the part of the world from which Eva Elfie heils. I mention that only because I’m thinking that’s why she has sex in kitchens so often, for the warmth. In Teens, Tushies & Tits, Eva (again credited as “Tiny Teen”) gets fucked all over what might be the ugliest, purplest kitchen that ever existed. The resulting XXX action is entrancing enough to make you forget about the color of the cabinets and serves as yet another example of Eva Elfie gifting us an absolute scorcher.

3. Petite HD Porn Vol. 28: Too Naughty to Say No (2020) | Nubiles
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Petite HD Porn Vol. 28: Too Naughty To Say No

Petite HD Porn Vol. 28: Too Naughty To Say No is officially the wordiest Eva Elfie porn movie title. Make a note of that in case it shows up as a question on Jeopardy. The film is also noteworthy for its 22 minute hardcore scene that features Eva getting hammered on a comfy-looking but oddly-colored couch. I’ve had people tell me that they thought this film is actually her best work. And while I would agree that Eva Elfie’s hardcore work is on point in Too Naughty To Say No…the next two films on this list would like to have a word.

2. Fuck My Teeny Tits! (2020) | Club Seventeen
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Fuck My Teeny Tits!

If you think that Eva Elfie has an amazing pair of boobs…I would agree with you. Fuck My Teeny Tits lands so high on this Top 10 because the film takes special care to highlight her amazing mammaries in addition to capturing Eva absolutely crushing it in what has to be considered one of her best-ever hardcore performances. Maybe she’s doing even hotter stuff on her very popular Onlyfans, but as someone who’s watched damn near every hardcore scene this lady has ever made, I’m telling you that her work in Fuck My Teeny Tits is easily one of the highlights of her career.

1. Why Don’t You Cum In My Mouth (2021) | Teen Mega World
10 Best Eva Elfie Porn Movies - Why Don't You Cum In My Mouth?

Why Don’t You Cum In My Mouth is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Eva Elfie porn movie ever made. And while I know that will likely change (as I write this, Eva has just finished shooting new hardcore content for Vixen) as she does more work with bigger adult film studios, this flick will always be one of her best. Paired up once again with her frequent co-star Adam Ocelot, Eva bangs out one of the most mesmerizing scenes of her career. If you can only see one of the Eva Elfie porn movies on this list, please make it this one.

What do you think?
Having seen pretty much every Eva Elfie (aka “Tiny Teen”) porn movie ever made, I’m confident that the ten films listed above represent the very best that Eva has ever done. But maybe you disagree. That’s fine. Just leave your own (likely inferior) Top 10 list in the comments box below.
