The 10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies of All Time
March 6, 2016 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Jenna Haze XXX films…
10. Meow! (2010) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Meow!

Meow! starts things off for us and this is absolutely one of Jenna Haze’s best XXX works. And considering that Die-Screaming has ranked Jenna as the number one best female pornstar of the 2000s, that’s saying something. A Girl/Girl masterpiece, Jenna directed the thing (and produced it under her JennarationX studios imprint) and starred in four of the film’s seven hardcore lesbian scenes. Meow! went on to win the 2011 trophy for Best All-Girl Release and further cemented Jenna Haze as one of the all-around most talented women to ever work in Porn.

9. Oil Overload (2008) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Oil Overload

The first of six Jules Jordan Video films on this Best Jenna Haze Porn Movie countdown, Oil Overload is an absolute classic for a few reasons. In addition to featuring a cast that’s loaded with XXX Hall of Fame talent (Alexis Texas, Teagan Presley, Gianna Michaels, Gina Lynn, etc.) and being the first of what would become a flagship franchise for Jules Jordan, Oil Overload also delivers one of the hottest Jenna Haze hardcore scenes of all time.

8. Boundaries 3 (2007) | Triangle Films
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Boundaries 3

Boundaries 3 might be the least well known of any of the Jenna Haze porn movies on this list. It’s from a smaller studio that’s no longer around (Triangle Films) and a lot of people probably missed it when it was first released. However, this movie gives us a Jenna Haze/Sasha Grey sex scene and for that reason alone Boundaries 3 needs to be considered Top 10 Jenna Haze material. You cannot miss this movie so go find yourself a copy for your collection. Now. GO!

7. Massive Facials (2008) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Massive Facials

Massive Facials is on this countdown because it gifts to the world one of Jenna Haze’s greatest scenes, a five-guy blowbang that co-stars Chris Strokes, Scott Lyons, Hooks, Ralph Long and Mike Hash. The movie is directed by Sam No, who you and I know better as the legendary and award-winning Mason. Many people strongly believe that Jenna Haze is one of the greatest dick sucking starlets of all time and Massive Facials is some very strong evidence in their favor.

6. Performers of the Year 2009 (2009) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Performers of the Year 2009

This wasn’t the first or only time that Jenna Haze appeared in Elegant Angel’s legendary Performers of the Year series, but Performers of the Year 2009 was certainly her best showing in this franchise. For her scene, Jenna is partnered up with James Deen and the pair go on to put on a clinic in hardcore porn sex. The fact that Performers of the Year 2009 wasn’t nominated for either an AVN or XBIZ award is a goddamn crime and the FBI needs to be investigating.

5. Interactive Sex With Jenna Haze (2007) | Zero Tolerance Entertainment
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Interactive Sex With Jenna Haze
When Interactive Sex With Jenna Haze was released back in 2007, it was immediately one of her best films. The movie was directed by the hugely talented Mike Quasar and featured five hardcore scenes. The only reason that it’s not ranked even higher on this Top 10 Jenna Haze Porn Movie countdown is because the “interactive” technology that was so awesome back then doesn’t translate all that well to the streaming age. Still, this movie is an absolute banger and very deserving of a Top 5 spot.

4. Flesh Hunter (2002) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Flesh Hunter

When Flesh Hunter was released back in 2002, Jenna Haze was at the beginning of her Porn career (she got her start in 2001) and wasn’t yet known as an XXX superstar. Her performance in this film, however, certainly put people on notice that she was someone to be taken seriously. Flesh Hunter was nominated for two AVN awards (Best Gonzo Tape and Best All-Sex DVD) and proved itself to be so popular that Jules Jordan turned it into one of the best-selling franchises his studio ever produced.

3. Jenna Haze: Legs Up Hose Down (2010) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Jenna Haze Legs Up Hose Down

Why are so many of Jenna Haze’s best porn movies directed by and/or distributed by Jules Jordan? It probably has at least a little bit to do with the fact that Jenna and Jules were dating for a while. Jenna Haze: Legs Up Hose Down was produced and directed by Jenna and featured her in three of the film’s seven hardcore scenes. The movie was absolutely loaded with superstar talent like Tori Black, Lily Labeau, Faye Reagan and April O’Neil. Critics also loved the movie as evidenced by the fact Jenna Haze: Legs Up Hose Down was nominated for eight AVN awards, including a Best Director nod for Ms. Haze herself.

2. Just Jenna (2010) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Just Jenna

Just Jenna is a Jenna Haze porn masterpiece. The film, which is also directed by and produced by Jenna Haze, features her in five hardcore Boy/Girl and four solo scenes. This movie was so good that it won the 2011 AVN award for Best All-Sex release and remains to this day one of the most acclaimed pieces of Jenna Haze smut ever crafted. So why isn’t Just Jenna ranked number one on this countdown? Well, there is one of her movies that was just a tad bit better.

1. Jenna Haze Dark Side (2006) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Jenna Haze Porn Movies - Jenna Haze Dark Side

Jenna Haze Dark Side is Die-Screaming’s selection as the greatest Jenna Haze porn movie of all-time. While Ms. Haze has certainly performed in some epic XXX films over the span of her career, none of her movies match this one in hardcore ferocity or overall quality. Jenna Haze Dark Side, directed by Jules Jordan, features eight hardcore scenes…all of which star Jenna Haze. The film won multiple Best All-Sex awards and is widely considered by almost everyone to be the singular greatest Jenna Haze porn movie.

What do you think?
I may not have seen every single one of Jenna Haze’s porn movies (she’s starred in over 700 of them) but I’ve definitely seen most of them and I’m damn confident that the ten films listed above are the best of the best. However, you probably disagree. And that’s fine, just leave your own (likely inferior) Top 10 Jenna Haze porn movie countdown in the comments section below.
