The 10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies Ever Made
October 5, 2017 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the 10 best Jenna Jameson XXX videos of all time!
10. Jenna’s Revenge (1997) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Jenna's Revenge

While this movie might not make a lot of other people’s Best Jenna Jameson porn list, Jenna’s Revenge is in my mind one of her better performances.  She’s featured in four of the film’s six scenes and does two B/G, a B/G/G threesome and an orgy scene.  On top of all that, Jenna’s Revenge is actually a solid XXX film with a decent story behind it, not surprising considering this is a Brad Armstrong project.

9. Briana Loves Jenna (2001) | Club Jenna
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Briana Loves Jenna

Unquestionably one of the best Jenna Jameson porn movies of all time, Briana Loves Jenna is also an XXX cult classic.  Ms. Jameson is featured in all six of the film’s scenes and includes a sizzling Jenna Jameson/Briana Banks lesbian performance.  It says a lot that as terrific as Briana Loves Jenna is, it still only ranks as her #9 best hardcore movie.

8. Virtual Sex with Jenna (1999) | Digital Playground
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Virtual Sex With Jenna
When Virtual Sex with Jenna was released in 1999, the word “DVD-ROM” still sounded fancy.  The movie features several great Jenna Jameson hardcore performances and gives the viewer the ability to switch things up a bit by choosing Jenna be in different positions throughout the scenes.  While this might have sounded amazing in the late 1990’s, it doesn’t translate all that well to the era of streaming VOD and at the DVD has been discontinued, making finding a copy something of a challenge.  Still, this one is a classic.

7. Jenna Loves Rocco (1996) | Vivid Entertainment
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Jenna Loves Rocco

Probably one of the most popular porn films of the 1990’s, Jenna Loves Rocco is also must-see material for anyone claiming to be any sort of Jenna Jameson fan.  The movie also earned Jenna one of her two AVN trophies in 1996 for Best Couples Sex Scene.  Additionally, Jenna Loves Rocco also co-stars a bunch of XXX legends, including Roxanne Hall, Rocco Siffredi and Melissa Hill and is directed by the great Toni English.

6. I Dream of Jenna (2002) | Club Jenna
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - I Dream Of Jenna

I Dream of Jenna is an XXX classic and probably one of the most popular porn films that Jenna Jameson ever made.  The film earned Ms. Jameson an AVN award for Best Sex Scene and helped establish her Club Jenna studio as a respected force in the XXX industry (for a few years, anyway).  But forget all that.  All you need to know is this movie features Jenna Jameson as an erotic genie who makes sex wishes come true.  Why wouldn’t you want to see that?

5. Hell on Heels (1999) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Hell On Heels

What do yo call a porn movie that features Jenna Jameson violating and getting violated by a mess of XXX starlets across the span of seven hardcore scenes?  You would call it, “Hell on Heels” because that’s the name of this movie and it has all of that.  And Hell on Heels is directed by Brad Armstrong, one of the greatest creative forces in the history of porn and the guy who made all of the very best Jenna Jameson smut.

4. The Masseuse (2004) | Club Jenna
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - The Masseuse

I’ve had a few people tell me that they strongly believe The Masseuse is the best Jenna Jameson porn movie ever made.  And while I rank it as #4, I also understand their argument for this film being #1.  The Masseuse certainly contains some of the hottest hardcore scenes Ms. Jameson has ever performed and is probably also one of her strongest acting jobs.  And I probably would have it #1…if there weren’t three even more epic Jenna Jameson movies to consider.

3. Dream Quest (2000) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Dream Quest

Dream Quest isn’t just one of the very best Jenna Jameson porn movies of all time, it also happens to be one of the greatest XXX productions ever made.  Directed by Brad Armstrong and featuring a cast of some of the greatest hardcore performers to ever work in the industry (Jenna Jameson, jessica drake, Asia Carrera, Stephanie Swift, etc.), Dream Quest is an absolutely epic feature film.

2. Conquest (1996) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Conquest

When Conquest was released in 1996, this movie helped re-define what a porn film could be.  It has an entertaining plot, high production value and strong acting performances.  Basically, the exact opposite of what most people think of when they hear the word “porn”.  As for Jenna Jameson, she stars in three of Conquest’s seven hardcore scenes and earned her an AVN trophy for Best Sex Scene.

1. Flashpoint (1997) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Jenna Jameson Porn Movies - Flashpoint

Flashpoint is the #1 Jenna Jameson porn movie ever made.  Another Brad Armstrong “blockbuster porn” movie, Flashpoint is loaded with some of the top XXX talent the industry has ever seen (Asia Carrera, Jill Kelly, Jenna Jameson, Sydnee Steele, etc.) and also just happens to be the #1 best-selling adult film of all time.

What do you think?
Jenna Jameson has appeared in nearly 200 hardcore porn videos and a whole lot of them are really, really good.  So picking the best ten out of all of them is no easy task.  But I did it.   And, yeah, you probably disagree with every single one of my rankings.  Fine.  Just leave your (inferior) Top 10 Jenna Jameson movies in the comments below.
