The 10 Best LANA RHOADES Porn Movies
June 16, 2017 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
These are Lana Rhoades‘ ten greatest XXX films…
10. Hot Models (Digital Sin) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Hot Models

Lana Rhoades’ hardcore scene with Xander Corvus in Hot Models was hot enough to earn her an AVN nomination for Best Boy/Girl Sex Scene.  Directed by Paul Woodcrest, the film does a great job of showcasing the impressive sexual abilities and stunning beauty that has helped Ms. Rhoades skyrocket into the upper echelons of porn in a very short period of time.

9. Kiss Vol. 5 (Pornfidelity) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Kiss Vol. 5

When I saw Lana Rhoades’ scene in Kiss Vol. 5, I was blown away by the amount of sexual charisma that she commanded.  Her B/G hardcore performance with Ryan Madison (who also directed the movie) is one of the hottest XXX displays that you’re ever likely to see in any porn movie.  Why this film didn’t get more attention than it did baffles me.

8. Slut Puppies 11 (Jules Jordan Video) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Slut Puppies 11

In Slut Puppies 11, Lana Rhoades delivered one of those killer hardcore performances that makes you just stop and stare with your mouth hanging open.  In addition to showing off her insane flexibility and banging body, she also made it very clear in her B/G performance with Jules Jordan that she is a sexual badass.

7. Twisted Passions 18 (Girlfriends Films) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Twisted Passions 18

While she’s best known for her Boy/Girl hardcore performances, Lana Rhoades can fuck girls with the best of them.  In fact, her lesbian scene with Veruca James in Twisted Passions 18 earned her a 2017 XBIZ Award nomination for best All-Girl Sex Scene and no doubt contributed to her walking away with the prestigious XBIZ Best New Starlet trophy.

6. Dirty Talk 4 (Evil Angel) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Dirty Talk 4

Lana Rhoades was featured in the second scene of Dirty Talk 4, placed in between the performances of XXX legends Brett Rossi and Chanel Preston.  And you know what?  Lana may have outshined both of them with her sizzling hot B/G POV display of awesomeness.  It’s literally impossible to watch what she does in Dirty Talk 4 and not walk away thinking this girl is one of the baddest women in the business.

5. Banging Cuties (Evil Angel) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Banging Cuties

Banging Cuties is a prime example of Lana Rhoades when she goes into full-blown slut mode.  In this film, she does everything from sucking dick to having her pussy spread to eating Mike Adriano’s ass.  Any self-respecting Lana Rhoades fan will have watched this scene multiple times.

4. Interracial Icon Vol. 3 (Blacked) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Interracial Icon Vol. 3

What’s the best-selling Lana Rhoades porn movie of all-time?  If you said, “Interracial Icon Vol. 3“, you are correct!  This movie gives us a badass G/G/B/B scene that features Lana Rhoades and Leah Gotti doing all sorts of nasty hardcore stuff to a pair of big black dicks.  And it’s directed by Greg Lansky, who is probably the most talented director currently working in smut.

3. Stacked 5 (HardX) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Stacked 5

Stacked 5 is one of Lana Rhoades’ very first hardcore scenes.  If that isn’t reason enough for you to wanna add this to your must-watch XXX list, you are an idiot.  However, if you insist on having more reasons, consider that Mr. Rhoades’ hardcore scene in Stacked 5 is wicked hot and the action is commanded by Mason, one of the industry’s most acclaimed directors.

2. 2 Cute 4 Porn 4 (Evil Angel) | 2016
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - 2 Cute 4 Porn 4
Another example of Lana Rhoades’ early work, 2 Cute 4 Porn 4 is also one of her very best hardcore performances, in my opinion.  For over a half hour, we get to see Ms. Rhoades go head to head (or pussy to dick?) with the legendary Manuel Ferrara and every minute of it is really fucking awesome.

1. Lana (Tushy) | 2017
10 Best Lana Rhoades Porn Movies - Lana
As of this writing, Lana is the best Lana Rhoades porn movie ever made.  In addition to featuring her first-ever anal and DP scenes, the movie is also the most complete body of Lana Rhoades’ hardcore work ever produced.  Add in the fact that Lana sees her co-starring with such performers as Penny Pax and Adriana Chechik and that it’s directed by Greg Lansky and what you have is something very, very special.

What do you think?
I’ve seen nearly every piece of smut featuring Lana Rhoades ever produced, so I’m damn confidant in my selections above as being her absolute ten best porn movies.  However, because I’m willing to bet that almost none of you completely agree with my choices and the order in which I have them ranked, feel free to leave your own top 10 in the comments below.
