The 10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies of All-Time!
April 5, 2017 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Leah Gotti XXX films ever made…
10. Cute Little Things 3 (2016) | Digital Sin
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Cute Little Things 3

Leah Gotti’s one-on-one scene with Ramon Nomar is probably the best scene in Cute Little Things 3.  The combination of watching Leah Gotti use her petite body to pleasure Mr. Nomar’s massive cock is certainly a sight to behold and hands down one of the best performances of Leah’s career.

9. Schoolgirl Bound 3 (2016) | Digital Sin
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Schoolgirl Bound 3

If you don’t find the thought of Leah Gotti tied up while dressed as a schoolgirl enticing than you should probably seek immediate medical attention because you’re obviously having a stroke.  Schoolgirl Bound 3 delivers a scorchingly hot scene with Leah being absolutely ravaged by Xander Corvus and you need to see it.

8. A Soft Touch 2 (2016) | Digital Sin
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - A Soft Touch 2

You might recall that both Leah Gotti and Elsa Jean made Die-Screaming’s 10 Best New Starlets of 2016 list.  Well, in A Soft Touch 2, you get to see these young ladies take turns going down on each other.  And if that weren’t reason enough to make this movie must-see material, the action is magnificently captured by veteran director Eddie Powell.

7. Fresh Girls 3 (2016) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Fresh Girls 3

Fresh Girls 3 is one of Leah Gotti’s first performances and has her paired up with Ramon Nomar.  This scene does an excellent job of showcasing the raw sexual charisma that Leah is able to effortlessly exude.  It also put everyone on notice that she was an incredibly bad bitch with the potential to take the XXX biz by storm.

6. My Wife’s First Girlfriend (2016) | New Sensations
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - My Wife's First Girlfriend

What do you get when you put one of the best Girl/Girl performers currently working in porn (Jenna Sativa) in a lesbian scene with Leah Gotti?  You get the opening scene in My Wife’s First Girlfriend and something that’s worth sitting down to watch.

5. Natural Beauties (2016) | Vixen
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Natural Beauties

Natural Beauties is the first of four Greg Lansky directed dirty movies that make up the Top 5 Best Leah Gotti porn films.  While this video gets lots of attention for it being the first Kendra Sunderland hardcore performance, Ms. Gotti’s B/G scene is (in my opinion) the hottest scene of the film.

4. Anal Threesomes (2016) | Tushy
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Anal Threesomes

Anal Threesomes is the best-selling Leah Gotti porn movie ever made.  That’s certainly understandable, as it features Leah teaming up with XXX superstar Keisha Grey for a wild threeway in which no holes are off limits.  It’s one of those scenes where you just stare and eventually your jaw drops open and drool starts pouring out.

3. Super Cute Vol. 5 (2016) | HardX
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Super Cute Vol. 5

Mason is easily one of the most talented directors in all of smut and in Super Cute Vol. 5, she manages to capture one of the hottest damn Leah Gotti scenes to have ever been performed in front of a camera.  It is literally impossible to watch this scene and not come away as a Leah Gotti fan.

2. Interracial Icon Vol. 3 (2016) | Blacked
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Interracial Icon Vol 3

If you can think of something better in life than watching Leah Gotti and Lana Rhoades paired up for a G/G/B/B interracial foursome, please let me know.  Because I have a really twisted imagination and I can’t think of anything that would top that.  And it’s exactly what you get in Greg Lansky’s Interracial Icon Vol. 3.

1. Anal Models Vol. 3 (2016) | Tushy
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies - Anal Models Vol 3

Anal Models Vol. 3 has to be the number one Leah Gotti porn movie ever made.  It features Xander Corvus plowing the holy hell out of each and every one of Ms. Gotti’s tight holes.  Oh, and this is also her very first anal performance.  And it’s directed by Greg Lansky, the dude who’s arguably the top XXX director currently shooting dirty movies.

Who is Leah Gotti?
10 Best Leah Gotti Porn Movies
Leah Gotti is an American adult film star who made her hardcore debut in 2015. Throughout 2016, she established herself as one of the industry’s hottest new talents. However, it’s been rumored (but not confirmed) that she’s made the decision to leave porn and is no longer shooting any new scenes.

What do you think?
I get it.  You probably think the ten Leah Gotti movies I chose above are bullshit.  Fine.  Feel free to give us your top 10, which I’m sure is so much better, in the stupid little comments section below.
