The 10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies Ever Made
March 1, 2014 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks Lisa Ann’s ten greatest XXX films…
10. Tits A Wonderful Life (1994) | Metro
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Tits A Wonderful Life

While Lisa Ann is best known for being a MILF (Die-Screaming ranks her as one of the four best of all-time), some people forget that she started doing porn in early twenties back in the 1990’s.  Tits A Wonderful Life is one of her earliest XXX films and sees her featured in two of the film’s five hardcore scenes.  This is one of those gems that only serious Lisa Ann fans will have seen.

9. Lisa Ann’s Bases Loaded (2009) | CJ Wright Productions
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Lisa Ann's Bases Loaded

Anyone who’s seen more than a handful of Lisa Ann porn videos will agree that she’s probably at her best when taking some big black cock.  In Lisa Ann’s Bases Loaded, we get to see her perform her first IR DP (double penetration) scene and her first IR B/B/B/G.  The fact that Ms. Ann wrote and directed the damn thing is just icing on the cake.

8. Mandingo Massacre (2011) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Mandingo Massacre

Mandingo Massacre has become one of the top interracial porn titles on the market and Lisa Ann had a starring role in the very first of the movies.  While this film is loaded with top-shelf talent, it’s Lisa Ann’s scene in Mandingo Massacre that stands out as the best.  In fact, her performance here helped earn her an Urban X Award nomination for Best Couples Scene.

7. Lisa Ann’s Black Out 2 (2014) | The Real Lisa Ann Productions
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Lisa Ann's Black Out 2

In addition to being directed by Lisa Ann, she also performs in four of Black Out 2‘s hardcore scenes.  What sets this movie apart even further is her B/B/B/B/G/G gangbang scene with Veruca James, which also earned Ms. Ann an AVN Award nomination for Best Group Sex Scene.

6. It’s A Mommy Thing 3 (2008) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - It's A Mommy Thing! 3

Lisa Ann is probably the most well-known MILF on the planet and there’s probably not a better example of her more fully embracing that role than in It’s A Mommy Thing 3.  Her threesome scene with Mike Butders and Rucca Page is chock full of the type of sexual charisma and taboo and hands down one of Lisa Ann’s most memorable performances.

5. Anal Boot Camp (2012) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Anal Bootcamp

Anal Boot Camp is just all sorts of awesome for all sorts of reasons.  A lot of that has to do with Lisa Ann playing the role of an angry drill instructor who makes her three recruits fuck her senseless in a wickedly entertaining DP scene.  Her performance here is badass enough to move Anal Boot Camp into the Top 5 Lisa Ann porn movies and earned her an AVN Award nomination for Best Double Penetration Sex Scene.

4. Lisa Ann’s Black Out (2013) | The Real Lisa Ann Productions
10 Best Lisa Ann Movies - Lisa Ann's Black Out

What makes Lisa Ann’s Black Out so special?  Well, it is directed by Lisa Ann.  And she does perform in every one of the movie’s five hardcore scenes, which include two B/B/G threeomes and a B/B/B/B/G gangbang.  Oh, and it was also nominated by both AVN and XBIZ for Best Interracial Release.  If this isn’t one of the very best Lisa Ann porn movies ever made SHUT UP YES IT IS!

3. Gangbanged (2011) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Gangbanged
Gangbanged is required vieiwing for anyone who claims to be any sort of Lisa Ann fan.  This movie, directed by the legendary and supremely talented Mason, represents Lisa Ann’s very first gangbang.  And it’s not just a little gangbang.  It’s a big one, featuring her taking dick from seven dudes.  Everything about this movie is terrific.


2. Lisa Ann: Can’t Say No (2012) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Lisa Ann Can't Say No

Lisa Ann has performed in nearly 600 hardcore movies over the span of her career and I have seen a huge percentage of them.  Hands down, Lisa Ann: Can’t Say No is one of her baddest hardcore performances.  In this movie, she goes absolutely nuts across the span of six scenes, doing everything from masturbating with terrifyingly huge dildos to dominatrix shit to a rowdy interracial gangbang.

1. Who’s Nailin’ Paylin (2008) | Hustler
10 Best Lisa Ann Porn Movies - Who's Nailin' Paylin

Yup.  Who’s Nailin’ Paylin is the #1 best Lisa Ann porn movie of all time.  Her performance in this film not only rocketed Lisa Ann into XXX superstardom, but it also made major headlines in mainstream media all across the world.  Quite simply, if it weren’t for this movie (which spawned 7 sequels), you probably would never have heard of Lisa Ann.

What do you think?
I’ve seen a LOT of Lisa Ann porn movies over the years.  Probably more than you.  So I’m damn confident in my picks above for the 10 best Lisa Ann porn films.  That being said, I’m sure at least some of you and probably most of you disagree.  Which is fine.  Just leave your own (inferior) Top 10 list in the comments below.
