The 10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies
February 28, 2016 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the greatest Mia Khalifa XXX films of all time…
10. Bang Bros Invasion 22 (2018) | Bang Bros
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Bang Bros Invasion 22.
Kicking off our Mia Khalifa Top 10 countdown is Bang Bros Invasion 22. The film was released a few years after Mia called it quits from Porn and features her in a B/G scene that serves as the opening to the movie. And while this certainly isn’t an example of her best hardcore work, Bang Bros Invasion 22 remains something deserving of a place in any Mia Khalifa fan’s collection.

9. Score Xtra Hardcut 6 (2018) | Score
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Score Xtra Hardcut 6
Score Xtra Hardcut 6 is notable because it features Mia Khalifa’s very first hardcore scene. And while that scene was originally part of Score’s Mia Khalifa showcase, having it re-packaged here certainly makes this film worthy of inclusion on this Top 10. That’s especially true considering how few Mia Khalifa porn movies were ever actually produced (only about 16, btw). The DVD version of Score Xtra Hardcut 6 is pretty hard to find because it’s been discontinued but you can still pick up a streaming copy.

8. Mia Khalifa Blackout (2018) | Bang Bros
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Mia Khalifa Blackout Vol. 1
If you were looking for a collection of her best IR (interracial) work, Mia Khalifa Blackout Vol. 1 is what you need. The film is a collection of five hardcore scenes that Mia did for Bang Bros and includes her infamous “hajib scene”. That’s the one that really pissed off about half the world (the other half was masturbating to it) and helped make Mia Khalifa an international celebrity. I should also mention that even though this movie has Volume 1 in the title…there are no sequels.

7. Tony Rubino’s Let’s Make a Sex Tape (2015) | Josh Stone Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Tony Rubino's Let's Make a Sex Tape
Tony Rubino’s Let’s Make A Sex Tape is one of the Mia’s earlier performances and the first of three Josh Stone Productions films on this countdown. The movie features her in a B/G scene that has her giving head and getting railed on a couch. The verbiage on the back of the DVD box also ended up being fairly prophetic, stating that “cover girl Mia” will be “making a name for herself, and you’ll see why right here!”

6. Put It Between My Tits (2015) | Josh Stone Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Put It Between My Tits
Another of Mia Khalifa’s early XXX work, Put It Between My Tits features Mia getting dicked down by a BBC (big black cock) on a bed and does a great job of consistently focusing on her big tits bouncing around the entire time. The movie is shot in POV (point of view) style and, unlike a few of the movies on this countdown, is still relatively easy to find on both streaming and DVD.

5. Temporary Dates 2 (2015) | Josh Stone Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Temporary Dates Vol. 2
In Temporary Dates 2, Ms. Khalifa plays the role of a “slutty call girl” who meets a guy and then gets the holy snot fucked out of her for about 38 minutes. Paired with Asante Stone for her scene here, it’s another great example of Mia taking on a huge dick while showing off her very impressive 34GG boobs. Finding a copy of Temporary Dates Vol. 2 on DVD could be a bit tricky but the movie is widely available on streaming.

4. Mia Khalifa 3 (2016) | Seaside Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Mia Khalifa 3
Mia Khalifa 3 is the final instalment of Mia’s self-titled XXX series from Seaside Productions. Part 3 features five hardcore scenes, many of which ranks as some of her most popular. When this series was released on DVD, the movies quickly damn near sold out at many retailers. Add to that the fact that none of these movies were officially released on streaming (some of the scenes have made their way to the Tube sites) and this is why Mia Khalifa 3 is so hard to find and is considered to be something of a collector’s item.

3. Mia Khalifa 2 (2016) | Seaside Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Mia Khalifa 2
Mia Khalifa 2 is a collection of scenes that helped propel Mia into worldwide celebrity and resulted in her receiving death threats from all sorts of assholes. Two of the four scenes in Part 2 show Mia doing hardcore sex stuff while wearing a hajib and the outrage that sparked was so widespread that it resulted in International terrorist organizations calling for Mia’s execution. All of that shit aside, the XXX action featured in Mia Khalifa 2 ranks as some of her very best and should be required viewing for any true Mia Khalifa fan.

2. Mia Khalifa 1 (2016) | Seaside Productions
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Mia Khalifa 1
What is the best-selling Mia Khalifa porn movie of all time? If you guessed Mia Khalifa 1 from Seaside Productions then you would be correct! Not to be confused with another of Mia’s self titled films (from Score Media), this was the first installment of a trilogy that collects some of Mia’s best scenes. Part 1 here is the best of the three, in my opinion, as it features her in a wide range of hardcore scenes that range from her masturbating solo in a library to sucking dick in a pool to getting fucked on a desk.

1. Mia Khalifa (2016) | Score Media
10 Best Mia Khalifa Porn Movies - Mia Khalifa
Mia Khalifa is Die-Screaming’s selection as the best of her porn movies. The self-titled release from Score Media features six hardcore scenes, including the one in which she made her XXX debut. With this film, you get everything, including a pair of solos, interviews and all sorts of hardcore hijinks. If you only manage to ever see one Mia Khalifa porn movie…make it this one.

Does Mia Khalifa still do porn?
No. Mia Khalfia is no longer doing porn. And considering that’s she’s given interviews stating she left the porn industry because she was “ashamed”, it’s not at all likely that we’ll see her making a return ever again.

Her last “new” porn movie was released in April 2015 ( a few compilation movies were released after that), she turned down an offer from Fleshlight and if you follow her on Twitter, you’d know that she doesn’t talk about smut at all these days (aside from occasionally bashing the Porn industry).  Enjoy the few XXX Mia Khalifa scenes that are out there because it’s pretty clear she’s not going to be making any more.

What do you think?
Obviously, the above rankings are based on nothing more than my opinion.  So what do you think?  Have your own Mia Khalifa porn rankings?  Share them in the comments below.  Or be a jerk and don’t.  Whatever.
