The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies
April 17, 2023 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Mia Malkova XXX videos…
10. League of Frankenstein (2014) | Digital Playground
10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - League of Frankenstein

Back when Digital Playground was still cranking out big-budget features on a fairly regular basis, League of Frankenstein was one of the studio’s gems. A parody of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, the film was about a group of fairy-tale characters assembled to help defeat an extra-dimensional female Captain Hook. For her part, Mia Malkova played Alice (from Alice in Wonderland) and was featured in two of the movie’s eight hardcore scenes. One of those, her foursome with Jasmine Jae, Danny D. and Tina Kay, earned her a Best Sex Scene nomination from AVN.

9. Meow! 3 (2013) | Jules Jordan Video
10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Meow! 3

Anyone who knows anything about Mia Malkova knows that she is a Girl/Girl ninja and her lesbian scenes are always absolute fire. In Meow! 3, which was directed by the legendary Jenna Haze, Mia performs a threesome with Gracie Glam and Raven Rockette. The hardcore action that came out of that earned those ladies the 2014 AVN Best All-Girl Group Sex Scene trophy. Her strong showing in this flick also undoubtedly helped Mia win AVN’s Best New Starlet award that same year.

8. DP Me Vol. 8 (2018) | Hard X
10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - DP Me Vol. 8

Mia Malkova can bang as hard as anyone and that was on full display in her DP Me Volume 8 performance. Her scene with Mick Blue and Markus Dupree was easily the highlight of the movie and produced enough heat to earn the trio a Best Sex Scene nomination at the 2020 XBIZ Awards. And the fact that the hardcore action was helmed by Mason, a hugely accomplished director who makes multiple showings on this countdown, pretty much makes DP Me Vol. 8 a can’t-miss Top 10 Mia Malkova career showing.

7. Girl Fever (2013) | New Sensations
10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Girl Fever

Girl Fever is such an absolute classic that it also shows up as one of the 10 Best Riley Reid and 10 Best Dani Daniels porn movies. Sure, the Remy LaCroix/Riley Reid scene is the one that gets most of the attention but Mia Malkova and Dani Daniels delivered absolute fire in their Girl/Girl pairing. At the time of Girl Fever’s release, Mia hadn’t yet established herself as a lesbian-sex specialist but after everyone saw her and Dani doing what they did in this film, it certainly got Mia a lot of attention. Another thing that helped make this movie so damn amazing was the cinematography of director Eddie Powell, who’s made a career out crafting stunningly gorgeous pornography.

6. Telepathy: A MANTIS Origin Story (2016) | Girlsway
The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Telepathy: A MANTIS Origin Story

Another all-girl Mia Malkova move in this Top 10 countdown? Yessir. Taking place between the events of The Turning (ranked as one of Adriana Chechik’s 10 best XXX films) and Project Pandora, Telepathy: A MANTIS Origin Story is a truly entertaining feature that delivers three Mia Malkova Girl/Girl scenes, impressive production value and an all-star lineup of talent. This is Mia at her absolute lesbian sex best and easily one of her most essential performances. Mia herself didn’t earn any award nominations for her role in this one (which is bullshit) but she did help earn Telepathy: A MANTIS Origin Story an All-Girl Release of the Year nod from XBIZ.

5. Fuck Free Or Die Hardcore (2018) | Brazzers
The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Fuck Free Or Die Hardcore: A XXX Parody

If you consider yourself any kind of Mia Malkova fan then this movie needs to be in your collection. An obvious spoof of the Die Hard franchise, Live Free Or Die Hardcore is also essentially a Mia Malkova showcase film. The movie features three hardcore scenes (including a threesome with Danny Mountain and Markus Dupree) and Mia is the star of all of them. Live Free Or Die Hardcore comes fully equipped with the usual Brazzers production value and was nominated for multiple industry awards, including the 2019 AVN Best Parody.

4. Sex Games (2018) | Dorcel
The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Sex Games

It’s no coincidence that so many of the films included on this Top 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movie countdown are features. In addition to possessing some of the most potent XXX skills of anyone to have ever done smut, Mia also has some strong dramatic acting chops. In Sex Games, Mia leads a cast of Europe’s biggest hardcore stars — including Clea Gaultier, Anna Polina, and Hennessy — across an absolute epic. Cast as the lead character and performing in three of Sex Game‘s seven hardcore scenes, Mia showed that she was a certified superstar on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean.

3. Mia (2013) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Mia (2013)

At the time of its release in 2013, Mia served as something of an official introduction for Mia Malkova, who was still in the middle of her first full year of Porn. The movie was helmed by the always-excellent Mason and featured Mia performing in five hardcore scenes which included a threesome with Mick Blue and Anikka Albrite. Mia was such a critically acclaimed smash hit that it was impossible for anyone to be oblivious to how amazing Mia Malkova was as a performer and its success cemented her as one of Porn’s next great talents. As of this writing, a full decade since this movie first debuted, Mia Malkova is ranked sixth on Pornhub’s Most Popular Pornstar ranking.

2. The Preacher’s Daughter (2016) | Wicked Pictures
The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - The Preacher's Daughter

The Preacher’s Daughter is without question Mia Malkova’s finest feature performance. For her role in the film, in which she starred in four of the movie’s eight hardcore scenes, Mia won the 2017 XBIZ Best Actress trophy. The movie itself was one of the most acclaimed XXX features released in 2016, ranked by Die-Screaming as being the best porn movie of that year and winning a collective nine AVN and XBIZ Awards. A solid argument could be made that The Preacher’s Daughter should be the number one ranked film on this Top 10 countdown and, I have to admit, I almost ranked it there myself.

1. Mia (2016) | Hard X
The 10 Best Mia Malkova Porn Movies - Mia (2016)

Mia is Die-Screaming’s selection for the best Mia Malkova porn movie ever made. And I know this is confusing because this is the second movie titled “Mia” on this countdown and both are directed by Mason. This Mia, the one released in 2016 from Hard X, stands apart from all of the other films on this list for a few reasons. From start to finish, this is the finest single example of Mia Malkova’s hardcore greatness that you’ll ever see. And unlike the 2013 Mia, which starred Mia with some of the most accomplished pornstars of that era, this Mia showcased a Mia Malkova who was at the height of her XXX powers and who was the dominant force in each of the film’s four scenes.

What do you think?
Over the span of her career, Mia Malkova has performed in close to 700 dirty movies. And even though I haven’t seen every single one of them, I’ve seen most of them. The ten films listed above are, in my opinion, the absolute best that she’s ever done and should be considered essential viewing for anyone who claims to be any sort of Mia Malkova fan.

However, maybe you disagree with some of my picks. Or maybe all of them. And that’s fine. Just leave your own Top 10 best Mia Malkova movie picks in the comments section below. Do it for Jesus.
