The 10 Best MISTY STONE Porn Movies
June 18, 2022 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Misty Stone XXX films ever made…
10. Road Queen 12 (2009) | Girlfriends Films
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Road Queen 12

The Road Queen series of films from Girlfriends Films is one of the best things that studio has ever produced. That being said, Misty Stone’s threesome scene with Claire Adams and Dana DeArmond in Road Queen 12 stands out to me as being one of the highlights of that whole damn franchise. This film also does an excellent job of highlighting the fact that Misty Stone is legitimately amazing in all-girl scenes. For all of those reasons, Road Queen 12 deserves to be on this Top 10 list.

9. Ethnicity (2017) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Ethnicity

When I wrote about Ethnicity back when it came out in 2017, I knew it would be something special. The fact that it was directed by Brad Armstrong was a big part in me thinking that. Misty Stone having a major role in the movie was another. Ethnicity went on to be nominated for a collective 16 AVN and XBIZ awards, with Misty Stone earning Best Sex Scene and Best Supporting Actress nods for her performance. Because the film was packed with such an amazingly talented cast meant that Misty had a limited amount of space to operate, otherwise Ethnicity would be much higher on this countdown.

8. Men In Black: A Hardcore Parody (2012) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Men In Black: A Hardcore Parody

Back in 2012, it seemed like every new porn film that came out was a parody of either a mainstream Hollywood TV show or movie. That being said, Brad Armstrong’s Men In Black parody stood above almost all of them. One of the biggest reasons why? Misty Stone. In addition to serving up an impressive acting performance, Misty also starred in a softcore solo scene and a massive ten-person gangbang. Her efforts were rewarded in the form of Best Actress, Best Supporting Actress and Best Solo Sex Scene nominations. Men In Black: A Hardcore Parody is one of those XXX movies that deserves to be in everyone’s collection.

7. Club Elite (2011) | Elegant Angel
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Club Elite

Directed by L.T., Club Elite is a criminally under-appreciated franchise. Over the span of ten years, Elegant Angel only released five installments of the series (Part 5 came out in 2021) and I feel as if we should have had at least three times that number over that time. Misty Stone starred in the very first of the films and her hardcore performance in Club Elite was impressive as hell. Even with an all-star cast that included Skin Diamond, Jada Fire and Nyomi Banxxx, Misty’s threesome scene with Mark Anthony and Rock The Icon was easily the highlight of that film and one of the best moments from the whole damn series.

6. Lesbian Beauties Vol. 12: Interracial (2014) | Sweetheart Video
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Lesbian Beauties Vol. 12: Interracial

I already mentioned that Misty Stone is really, really good at doing lesbian sex stuff. If you needed additional proof of that, I present to you the awesomeness that is Lesbian Beauties 12: Interracial. For her scene in this flick, Ms. Stone is partnered up with Sovereign Syre and she just happens to be one of the best Girl/Girl performers alive. Probably a lot of people wouldn’t have included Lesbian Beauties 12 on their Best Misty Stone Porn Movies countdown and all of them would be wrong. This is easily one of the best performances of her career.

5. This Ain’t Avatar XXX (2010) | Hustler
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - This Ain't Avatar XXX

Remember when 3D DVDs were a thing? When it was released back in 2010, Axel Braun’s This Ain’t Avatar XXX was very much a part of that craze. Fortunately for everyone who either never had a 3D compatible TV or who’ve since replaced theirs years ago, This Ain’t Avatar XXX is also available in a standard version. Misty Stone was incredible in this joint, performing in full-body makeup across two hardcore scenes; a Girl/Boy pairing with Chris Johnson and an epic six-person gangbang. This is a classic and if you haven’t seen it yet then do not go to sleep again until you do.

4. Cartel Sex (2018) | PornFidelity
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Cartel Sex

Since 2006, Misty Stone has proven herself to be one of the industry’s most elite performers and she has multiple Hall of Fame inductions to back up those credentials. In Cartel, we get to see yet another example of Misty delivering the type of hard-hitting, scorchingly hot XXX scenes that have helped make her a legend. Paired up with James Deen and under the direction of Ivory Tanaka, Misty Stone’s scene in Cartel is so memorable and must-see because it may very well be one of the single best hardcore showings of her career.

3. A Love Triangle (2010) | Sweet Sinner
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - A Love Triangle

Nica Noelle’s very excellent A Love Triangle film absolutely must also be considered one of the finest Misty Stone-centric porn movies ever made. The movie features four hardcore scenes and Misty stars in three of them. But it’s not just the number of hardcore performances in A Love Triangle that earns this movie such a high spot on the countdown, it’s also her range. Over the span of the film, we see her do a Boy/Girl with Manuel Ferrara, a Girl/Girl with Satine Phoenix and then a Girl/Girl/Boy threesome with both Manuel and Satine.

2. Hustler’s Untrue Hollywood Stories: Oprah (2011) | Hustler
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Hustler's Untrue Hollywood Stories: Oprah

If you don’t think that an Oprah porn parody can slap harder than most hardcore spoof films then you have never actually watched Hustler’s Untrue Hollywood Stories: Oprah. Misty Stone was sensational in the role, performing in two threesomes and a solo. Her take on Oprah also earned her a 2012 AVN Best Actress nomination and made a few mainstream news headlines. Any serious Misty Stone fan already has Hustler’s Untrue Hollywood Stories: Oprah in their porn stash and anyone who doesn’t should probably consider it.

1. Misty Stone Superstar (2012) | Hustler
10 Best Misty Stone Porn Movies - Misty Stone Superstar

Misty Stone Superstar is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Misty Stone porn movie and I really don’t think it’s close. Directed by the legendary Axel Braun, the movie is comprised of a Misty Stone solo scene followed by four hardcore acts that co-star Alexis Texas, Ryan Driller, Evan Stone, the late Billy Glide and Will Powers. The fact that Misty Stone really never had another showcase movie beyond Misty Stone Superstar is enragingly stupid but is almost forgivable considering how awesome this film is.

What do you think?
Have I watched every single one of Misty Stone’s nearly 600 adult films? No. Have I seen a whole damn bunch over the years? Oh yeah. And that’s why I’m extremely confident that the ten Misty Stone porn movies ranked up above are her ten best. If you disagree, that’s fine. I guess. Just leave your own Top 10 list in the comments section below so that I can judge you and your stupid differing opinions harshly.
