The 10 Best PENNY PAX Porn Movies Ever!
August 29, 2017 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the ten greatest Penny Pax XXX films of all-time…
10. Anal Lessons (2012) | Evil Angel
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - Anal Lessons

While Penny Pax has done lots of anal performances over the years, Anal Lessons is one of her more memorable.  She does a threesome with Mike Adriano (who also directed the movie) and Sheena Shaw and this scene is fucking HOT.  It’s also a perfect example of Ms. Pax’s superhuman sexual charisma in action.

9. The Dark Knight XXX: A Porn Parody (2012) | Vivid Entertainment
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - The Dark Knight XXX

Penny Pax as Batgirl?  For that reason alone this movie deserves to be included on this list.  Add to the fact that we get to see her fucking The Joker (Brendon Miller) and the action directed by Axel Braun and The Dark Knight XXX becomes a must-see movie for any level of Penny Pax fan.

8. A Lesbian Romance (2015) | New Sensations
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - A Lesbian Romance

The cover art for A Lesbian Romance tells you exactly why you need to see this movie.  Penny Pax and Riley Reid, two of the most talented women currently working in smut, pairing up for a Girl/Girl scene.  After seeing the chemistry these two ladies had with each other in the Submission of Emma Marx series, watching these two go at it with each other is perfect.

7. American Hustle: XXX Porn Parody (2014) | Smash Pictures
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - American Hustle: XXX Porn Parody

What sets so many of the Penny Pax movies listed here from much of her other work is the fact that in these movies, we get heavy doses of both her unholy sexual talents and impressive acting abilities.  Those two things are both served up in heavy doses in American Hustle XXX, a role that earned her an XBIZ Best Supporting Actress nomination.

6. Cinderella XXX: An Axel Braun Parody (2014) | Wicked Pictures
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - Cinderella XXX: An Axel Braun Parody

For a whole lot of reasons, Cinderella XXX is an impressive porn film.  And while she didn’t have a starring role in Axel Braun’s take on the classic fairy tale, Penny Pax did have two hardcore scenes and an overall impressive performance.  Hell, she even got an AVN nomination for Best Oral Sex Scene for her work in this one.

5. Sugar Babies: A Cautionary Tale (2016) | Pretty Dirty
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - Sugar Babies: A Cautionary Tale

Sugar Babies was one of the darkest XXX feature films released in 2016 and exactly the type of film that highlighted just how talented Penny Pax is as an all around performer.  Her threesome with James Deen and Chanel Preston was arguably the best scene of the whole damn movie and her acting abilities throughout made this critically acclaimed film better than it could have been without her.

4. Wetwork (2014) | Vivid Entertainment
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - Wetwork

In Wetwork, we get to see Penny Pax deliver what is probably the most badass performance of her career.  In addition to her top-tier sex skills…we also get to see her kill people with knives.  Her performance in this role earned her Best Actress nominations from AVN, XBIZ and XRCO and helped cement her reputation as one of the industry’s brightest and most talented XXX actresses.

3. The Submission of Emma Marx: Exposed (2016) | New Sensations
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - The Submission Of Emma Marx: Exposed

The Submission of Emma Marx series stands as the crowning achievement of Penny Pax’s career.  Exposed is the third and final installment of the trilogy and one of the best porn films of 2016.  In addition to winning four AVN awards and being ranked by Die-Screaming as the #2 best porn movie of 2016, Exposed also earned Penny Pax multiple Best Actress nominations.

2. The Submission of Emma Marx: Boundaries (2015) | New Sensations
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - The Submission Of Emma Marx: Boundaries

The Submission of Emma Marx: Boundaries is the second film in the Emma Marx series and one of the most critically acclaimed XXX feature films in recent memory.  Thanks in large part to a sensational performance by Ms. Pax, Boundaries won five AVN Awards, including Best Screenplay, Best BDSM Movie and Best Actress for Penny Pax.

1. The Submission of Emma Marx (2013) | New Sensations
10 Best Penny Pax Porn Movies - The Submission Of Emma Marx

Yup.  The Submission of Emma Marx is the #1 Penny Pax porn film of all time.  And how could it not be?  Penny Pax delivered a masterful performance here, both in terms of her XXX and dramatic acting abilities.  While she was certainly a respected performer before the release of this movie, The Submission of Emma Marx left no room for doubt that Ms. Pax was one of the industry’s most impressive talents.  If you can only see a single Penny Pax movie, make it this one.

What do you think?
I’ve seen a whole lotta’ damn Penny Pax movies over the years and I’m damn confident in my picks for her ten best porn films.  However, I’m open to the idea that some/all of you may disagree with some/all of my picks here.  Which is fine.  Just leave your own (inferior) rankings in the shitty little comments section below.
