The 10 Best Riley Reid Porn Movies
November 29, 2022 by Dan C. Leave a Comment

Die-Screaming counts down the ten greatest Riley Reid XXX films of all-time…
10. Meet Mandingo Vol. 2 (2016) | HardX

In case you’re new here on Earth, Riley Reid is really good at doing sex stuff in front of a movie camera. And if you needed visual evidence of this, Riley’s performance in Meet Mandingo Vol. 2 is probably all that you’d need. With the action helmed by the legendary Mason and co-starring Mandingo and his weapon-sized cock, her showing here is certainly a sight to behold and easily one of Riley Reid’s best pieces of hardcore work.

9. The Cursed XXX (2018) | Adam & Eve

Ranked by Die-Screaming as one of the ten best porn movies of 2018, The Cursed XXX is an excellent example of both Riley Reid’s hardcore and dramatic acting abilities. The movie earned a combined 18 AVN and XBIZ award nominations, including a Best Actress nod for Riley and helped her earn her sixth consecutive XBIZ and AVN Female Performer of the Year nominations. The Cursed XXX is a prime example of Riley Reid being able to unleash her superstar talents to elevate an XXX feature film into something truly special.

8. Girl Fever (2013) | New Sensations

Before Remy LaCroix and Riley Reid had a falling out, resulting in Remy publicly blasting Riley and several other XXX starlets, the two of them were one of Porn’s hottest Girl/Girl friends with benefits. Girl Fever was the first time that Riley and Remy were paired up in an adult film and the resulting excitement rocketed this thing to the top of the Best Selling Porn chart and earned the two a 2014 AVN Best Girl/Girl Scene nomination. I should also point out that it wasn’t just Riley Reid who had a stand out role in this movie as Girl Fever is also ranked as one of the 10 best Dani Daniels porn movies. Trust me, you need this film in your collection.

7. Daddy’s Girls (2013) | Girlfriends Films

Probably forgotten by most people, Daddy’s Girls is certainly something of a deep cut in terms of Riley Reid XXX films. However, it’s also easily one of the most twisted movies that Riley has ever performed in and arguably one of her very best dramatic acting performances. The movie featured Riley Reid in two hardcore scenes and co-starred Maddy O’Reilly, Evan Stone and Alec Knight. While the story might be a little (or a lot) more than most mainstream audiences could stomach, critics loved Daddy’s Girls (the movie scored a combined 15 XBIZ and AVN awards nominations) and even inspired a sequel.

6. Riley Reid: Overexposed (2016) | Adam & Eve

A solid mix of Girl/Girl and Boy/Girl hardcore scenes, Riley Reid Overexposed features Riley serving up her trademark sexual charisma across the span of two and a half hours. And while all the pairings in this film are terrific, it’s the lesbian sex that stands out. A lot of that has to do with the fact that for those, Riley is paired with two of the best Girl/Girl performers in the business; Jenna Sativa and Charlotte Stokely. When it was reviewed by Cyber5 over at xCritic, he gave Riley Reid Overexposed a “Highly Recommended” rating and the film went on to receive multiple Performer Showcase of the Year nominations.

5. Missing: A Lesbian Crime Story (2016) | Girlsway

If you had any questions as to why Die-Screaming ranked Riley Reid as the number one female pornstar of the 2010s, go watch her in Missing: A Lesbian Crime Story. Hands down her best feature film performance, this film is an absolute masterpiece that combines one of the most outstanding XXX ensembles that you’ll find in any adult film, a truly entertaining story and six hardcore lesbian scenes, including a seven woman orgy. From start to finish, there’s really nothing to dislike about Missing: A Lesbian Crime Story and if you don’t like it then you are obviously an asshole.

4. Ultimate Fuck Toy: Riley Reid (2011) | Jules Jordan Video

When Ultimate Fuck Toy: Riley Reid was first released back in 2013, Riley hadn’t yet achieved superstar status. However, this movie definitely served notice that this lady had all the makings to be something special. Directed by XXX master Jules Jordan, the movie showcased Riley Reid in five scenes and had her performing a variety of hardcore feats including two threesomes. Ultimate Fuck Toy: Riley Reid had a lot of people talking when it debuted and certainly went a long way towards putting Riley Reid on a whole bunch of people’s radar. The following year, Riley earned her first of seven consecutive AVN Female Performer of the Year nominations.

3. The Gangbang of Riley Reid (2017) | Jules Jordan Video

One of the qualities that has served to elevate Riley Reid above most of her peers over the span of her career is that she can bang harder than almost anybody. In The Gangbang of Riley Reid, which was ranked as one of the ten best Jules Jordan movies ever made, Riley delivers two brutal gangbang scenes, fucking a total of 17 men over the span of about 90 minutes. This film spent a whole bunch of time atop the XXX charts and to this day remains one of the best-selling Riley Reid smut movies of all-time.

2. Being Riley (2015) | Tushy

A reasonable person could make a strong argument for Being Riley being the best Riley Reid porn movie and many porn critics and fans would likely agree. And even though I have this film as my number two pick…it’s only a hair away from being number one, in my opinion. Directed by Greg Lansky and featuring Riley performing her first anal and double penetration scenes, Being Riley won five 2016 AVN trophies, including Best Star Showcase, Best Anal Scene and Best Girl/Girl Scene.

1. I Am Riley (2019) | Evil Angel

I Am Riley is Die-Screaming’s pick for the best Riley Reid porn movie ever made. Shot in a “docuporn” style, the movie combines blistering hardcore action and lots of behind-the-scenes and interview video clips with the final product being the most intimate look we’ve ever had into the life of one of the biggest starlets to ever grace a porn set. The hardcore action is spread across five scenes and features an all-star cast of co-stars, including Angela White, Isiah Maxwell, Katrina Jade, Aubrey Kate and Marcus Dupree. On top of that, each of the scenes is helmed by some of the greatest pornographers of all time. I Am Riley is, easily, the best Riley Reid XXX film in existence.

What do you think?
I’ve watched more Riley Reid porn than you have. I mean, I don’t know for sure but considering I’ve a disgusting porn blogger who’s been doing pretty much nothing else with my life over the past decade-plus besides watching and writing about porn…I’m pretty sure it’s true. I say that just to illustrate that I’m super-confident in my picks above for the ten best Riley Reid porn movies ever made.

But maybe you disagree. And that’s fine. Just jot down your own (probably inferior but whatever) Top 10 in the comments below.
