The 10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies Ever Made
January 4, 2014 by Dan C. 2 Comments

Ad 1
Die-Screaming ranks the 10 greatest Sunny Leone XXX films…
10. Live Gonzo (Evil Angel) | 2010
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Live Gonzo

In Live Gonzo, Sunny Leone participates in a wild lesbian threesome with Mason Moore and Clara G.  And by “wild”, I mean some of the hottest and most hardcore lesbian stuff that Ms. Leone has ever done.  There’s ass eating, squirting, foot fucking and massive dildos.  Fun for the whole family!

9. It’s Sunny In Brazil (Vivid Entertainment) | 2006
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - It's Sunny In Brazil

Sunny Leone is featured in 3 of the 5 scenes in It’s Sunny In Brazil, which should be reason enough for any self-respecting Sunny Leone fans to check it out.  Shot on location in Brazil and co-starring some of that country’s top XXX talent, Ms. Leone does two lesbian scenes and one B/G/G threesome.

8. Not Charlie’s Angels XXX (Pulse Pictures) | 2010
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Not Charlie's Angels
Not Charlie’s Angels XXX is an epic fucking porn parody, featuring a massive cast of top performers and some of the most entertaining acting performances you’ll find in any Sunny Leone porn movie.  The thing is directed by Will Ryder and it’s the rare porn film that you can watch multiple times without getting bored.

7. Lies: Diary of an Escort (SunLust Pictures) | 2011
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Lies: Diary of an Escort

In addition to performing in 2 of the movie’s 7 scenes (both G/G action with Breanne Benson), Sunny Leone also directed Lies: Diary of an Escort.  The movie was produced by SunLust Pictures (owned by Ms. Leone, btw) and delivers a powerful story acted out by some of the best talent in smut, including Monique Alexander and Tommy Pistol.

6. Sunny’s Slumber Party (Vivid Entertainment) | 2009
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Sunny's Slumber Party

Sunny’s Slumber Party features one of the best lineup of hardcore porn talent that you’re likely to find in any dirty movie.  It also features two B/G scenes with Ms. Leone and Ariel King (aka “Daniel Weber”, aka Sunny Leone’s real-life husband since 2011), one G/G with Sunny and Jenna Haze and a lesbian foursome featuring Sunny, Alexis Texas, Monique Alexander and Alyssa Reece.  Watching this porn movie will make you a better person.

5. Sunny Loves Matt (Vivid Entertainment) | 2007
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Sunny Loves Matt

For the first several years that she was in porn, Sunny Leone only did Girl/Girl stuff.  That changed with Sunny Loves Matt, the first time Sunny ever performed Boy/Girl on camera.  Add to that the film is written and directed by legendary director B. Skow and Sunny Love Matt has to be considered “must see” material.

4. Lesbian Workout (Elegant Angel) | 2012
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Lesbian Workout

While she was only in one scene in Lesbian Workout, this movie ranks so high on the “Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies” chart for a few reasons.  First, that single scene is a Girl/Girl with Daisy Marie and it is fucking amazing.  Also, Lesbian Workout is directed by Mason, who just happens to be one of the most talented directors in all of smut.  Finally, Lesbian Workout is one of the best-selling Sunny Leone XXX movies of all-time.

3. Sunny’s B/G Adventure (Vivid Entertainment) | 2009
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Sunny's B/G Adventure

Sunny Leone was an exclusive contract performer for Vivid Entertainment for most of her adult career, so she did a lot of hardcore stuff for that studio.  Of all those films, Sunny’s B/G Adventure stands out as one of her very best.  The XXX action in this movie is some of the hottest of her career.

2. Sunny (Vivid Entertainment) | 2005
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Sunny

Before she was one of the most popular pornstars on Earth and well before she ascended to be one of Bollywood’s leading starlets, Sunny Leone was the Penthouse Pet of the Year in 2003.  In 2005, after she signed an exclusive deal with Vivid, she made her hardcore debut in Sunny.  This is the film that launched her XXX career and sent her popularity skyrocketing.

1. Dark Side of the Sun (SunLust Pictures) | 2008
10 Best Sunny Leone Porn Movies - Dark Side of the Sun

Dark Side of the Sun is, in my drunken opinion, the very best Sunny Leone porn movie of all-time.  Why?  The hardcore action in this film ranks as some of the absolute hottest of Sunny’s career.  Directed by Luther King and produced by Ms. Leone’s own studio, Dark Side of the Sun features her in three blistering sex scenes that will leave you slack jawed, mouth watering and desperately wanting more.  

If you only see one Sunny Leone porn movie in your life, it needs to be this one.

Who is Sunny Leone?
Sunny Leone - Her 10 Best Porn Movies
Sunny Leone got her first taste of the adult entertainment industry when she was named the Penthouse Pet of the Year in 2003.  Two years later, in 2005, she entered the world of hardcore porn when she signed an exclusive performance contract with Vivid Entertainment.  Over the span of her career, Sunny Leone performed in 41 hardcore adult films.  In 2012, she also served as co-host of the AVN Awards.

In addition to being stunningly beautiful and extremely talented in the art of sex, Sunny Leone is also pretty smart.  A successful businesswoman, Leone actually owns her own porn studio; Sunlust Pictures.  In addition to producing and starring in several Sunlust Pictures productions, Sunny Leone also directed 42 adult films, making her one of the most well-rounded and accomplished people in the porn business.

As I mentioned above, Sunny Leone officially retired from the porn industry in 2013.  While she was certainly on top of her game, she was also quickly building a solid career in India as one of Bollywood’s hottest up and coming actresses.  Sunny decided that focusing on her mainstream acting career was more important than continuing to make porn.  In interviews given since announcing her exit from the adult entertainment industry, Leone has made it pretty clear that she currently has no plans to return to porn.

What do you think?
I’ve seen almost every Sunny Leone porn movie ever made and I’m perfectly willing to stand by selections above as being the absolute best ten best Sunny Leone XXX films ever made.  But because this is the Internet, I also understand that most of you jerks will probably disagree with me.  Fine.  Just leave your own top ten in the comments section below.
